4	I shop here a lot. They've been accepting coupons, which is and every little bit helps. Returns have always been a too as there isn't a deadline, should you receive a gift, don't have a receipt, whatever the reason. SO (yes, here it comes--the negative, which I always include) when the snippy girl (rare in this store) that I've never seen before when shopping here so she must be green to the policy?, inspects the item (no biggie--make sure it's there and intact), I start to just a tiny bit. This is all after she made me wait for maybe 3 long minutes while she to address me standing there. She asks why I'm returning, which I explained but nothing was defective. Then there's a with the amt so she calls a manager, THEN she tells that mgr She's returning it because...... as IF. The mgr ignored her, as she didn't inquire about my reason, which BBB doesn't really give a @&*^ now do they. Or perhaps she thought she could announce it so the line behind me could look in as they waiting to BUY something waiting for another cashier to show. Didn't me but what the did she THINK I was doing here. At BBB, you can return anything, anytime, for any reason, no problem. So why this twit couldn't fathom my reason is bbbeyond me. That sort of attitude is a huge turn off and has she heard of secret shoppers, or just do your job with a smile, don't judge the customer, esp when the item returned is in NEW condition, unused and a very return. What a bizzo. If they keep employees that, I'm through. STOP it. I feel much now. [SEP]
2	Everyone I've talked to that this place says the same thing, I've been going there for years. Yes - and perhaps years ago it didn't feel a dive restaurant in constant of being shut down for health code violations. But now...The food is completely, unmistakably mediocre. As is the service. Maybe it's not - maybe it's just the lighting and decor that makes it look that way. But I'm sure the roach I saw dart up the wall was real.(Okay - that's a shot - there are probably roaches in many places I've gone and I just haven't seen them. point.)Nothing about this place makes it a can't miss. I get the history, the nostalgia, and the fact that some people have dined there, but you can find Mexican food all over the Valley and some just a short drive away. [SEP]
5	DD has food, staff, and a patio. The breakfast menu is the in downtown Scottsdale. DD is also for lunch and early evening. The Hour menu is a value. I have been there many times and the food and service is rate. [SEP]
4	I'm a gelato purist, so is up my alley. You don't have a million flavor choices, but the ones they have are classics done right, so there is no need. The same lady is always working when I go, and she is very and upbeat. They haven't yet perfected the multi-flavor ratio in one cup, but I'm sure that will improve, and I'm a huge fan of anything with a card. So far my gelato spot in the Valley :) [SEP]
4	There is a Leinenkugel beer stand on the east side of the first floor heading toward Fatburger! SO so so to discover that! They only take cash though! [SEP]
5	The Farm at South Mountain is a little slice of the country- here in the middle of the desert!The green grass spotted with picnic tables makes me want to plan a family reunion. There are gardens and walkways to explore. From first glance, The Farm is a quaint, family-run farmhouse.Visit Morning Cafe for breakfast and you won't be disappointed. I've personally the Morning Benedict on several occasions, while my brother is a big fan of the Farm Monte Cristo. Both dishes are made with as many local ingredients as possible... mmm... local-icious. The Farm Monte Cristo is about as close as any breakfast food gets to groin-grabbingly delicious. (a la Homer Simpson) It's baked ham, over eggs, and melted cheese between two pieces of French Toast. Served with maple syrup, this is it, folks. The grand-daddy of breakfast foods. The service here is generally solid. Our servers tend to be interesting, friendly, and adorable- all qualities to have when you're serving breakfast to someone who isn't about being up early.I'll return... and return... and return. I'm hooked.I only wish Morning wasn't closed for the summer! me. [SEP]
4	It is a place. Actually when i have just come in, everything seems to look normal. Nothing different frm other nail salons. However, when a lady did manicure and pedicure for me, she did really service. She always a lot, and made you feel comfortable. I will come back soon and tell my friends abt this salon cause they did a job. [SEP]
5	Just got 5 Diamond Dermabrasion On Arms, Back and Face and I it She is a perfectionist, Organize, Clean, and the most quality service she finished my facial with Ice I basically melted This is My present for My coming B Day this Sunday I will Look I am in High School this weekend with m Skin PaulGStudio.com highly recommends this that The Red Door service and and real Customer Service. She has a 1/2 off coupon on the entrance of the building for the first service Please [SEP]
3	Went here for lunch on a weekday and thought it'd be busier. The setting allowed for more personal attention though. The chef even came out to talk to us and gave us samples of some of the desserts. The food was good, but didn't me away. I think it's a option for a snazzier (it's a little pricey) lunch with friends. [SEP]
4	I less than 3 this place. I've been more than a few and always leave smiling, full, and satisfied. The staff is and fast. I am not sure though how exactly one would determine that rock-a-billies as a whole would this place. Maybe the grease from the stoves and kitchen floor? However, if you food and a beer selection this is the place for you. And they have hour drink specials if you to get really drunk. If you don't mind sitting on an someone's lap then lunch rush is probably not a for you. Elbow room is the only thing that is here. Of the ones I've tried so far the porky, lamb vindaloo, chicken tikka masala, and lamb & mint are all darn good. This is making me hungry for a pasty!And the friggin' pb & j pasty is incredible! [SEP]
4	So I finally made it to The Grind. A friend and I went for a late lunch (after 2pm) and had the place much to ourselves so the service was spot on. We sat at the bar and drank bottled Kiltlifter...I've only had it on tap or from the can so that was a surprise. She had a burger topped with some sort of veggies and watercress...I know she every bite 'cause she to share with me. I had The Pork Sandwich. It was topped with swiss, pickles and iceburg and what I believed to be a house made BBQ suace. I gotta say I don't know where the part came in and the sauce was but it didn't my face off with wows. To make things more (or less) forgettable it was room temp, at best. All that nay-saying aside...I the sandwich. It was a sandwich. We shared the potato fritters. I think I would've them more if I wasn't expecting something completely different...something with a no shit? factor. Admittedly, my bad. But everyone else should know they are much potato mash shaped into coins or pucks, breaded with mild seasonings and (possibly baked?). That's all. No hating...just saying. The potato fritters at The are potato fritters....don't get all my buddy and me did before ordering them. The room was and clean. The music was the kinda 2pm vibe. The bartender was attentive. The food was but possibly not executed to it's highest potential. They have Kiltlifter in a bottle. If I were you...I'd go to the grind. Represent local talent, Phoenix. Chef McLinn and his colleagues...waiters, FOH managers, dishwashers and prep cooks are the Gin Blossoms or the R. Kline and the Peacemakers, the Jimmy Eat World or Eastonashe, the Headroom of the food and beverage, scene and in this town. If it weren't for guys Comer Smith, Jarrod Porter, Jay Bogsinski, Pattrick Fagan, Matt Carter, Payton Curry, Aaron Chamberlin, Chris Curtis, Beau Macmillan, and Matt McLinn we'd have no music-food to listen-eat. You might not every single song the band is playing...but just knowing that they're what we got should be to get us to invest in understanding their and what they're doing for us. I can't make a pulled pork sandwich...but I know someone who can. You should go try these guys out...they sound-taste as as any sandwich joint could. All they need is a few more groupies to spread the word and before you know it, The is gonna be a classic. [SEP]
5	Been going to Don and Charlie's for years now. It's kind of a family tradition. A sports hangout, you may see some players and coaches during the off season as Scottsdale is a big place for spring training. (This my single girlfriends who took every opportunity to the entire time I visited with them).The bar is and comfortable, with more than stools to accommodate my tush. Say hello to Shelley who is mi favorito bartender! You are to dine at the bar, but the dining room is much more comfortable, with a deal of banquette seating- which I adore. I often have the veal chop, or a nice, big NY Strip. Twice baked potatoes, creamed spinach......you know the routine in the old boys' steakhouse. The part is the house made chopped chicken livers which are simply to for.Valet service rounds out the numerous reasons to choose this place over others in the area. I almost forgot the wine list, including wines by the glass.A must stop when you are in Scottsdale! [SEP]
3	I've lived near Old Town Scottsdale for years and in all that time I've never really taken to the streets by foot, aside from a weekly visit to the Farmers Market. At first glance you ask yourself how many Indian jewelry shops can the area possibly sustain? the answer is, the turquoise market in Old Town seems to be doing quite well. So it was on a recent exploration trip that we happened upon David's Hamburger's and Mexican Food. So for me the idea of burger and tasty Mexican is a match made in heaven, were talking major food groups here. Tucked between 2 galleries, David's is a blink and you'll it kind of place, very unassuming and humble. Inside you won't be by the interior design but what they do have is functional and comfortable. With TV's at both ends of the hall space, you'll be entertained by performance videos of 50's era rock 'n roll. I usually don't write much about soda pop, never, but in this case the Cherry Coke ($1.95) was kind of special. When you order a Coke you can ask them to add a number of different flavorings from and vanilla to chocolate and of course cherry. David's version is fizzy and cuts through the of the upcoming meal. Of all the ways Mexican style meat is prepared, the grilled taste of beef is my all time favorite. If you this as much as I do then Id suggest the Carne Asada Nachos ($8.59). A massive pile of crunchy tortilla chips is covered in grilled beef strips, melted cheese, guacamole, cream and pico de gallo. While basic, I ate most of them myself leaving my partner to scraping the cheese off of the plate. If you'd salsa on your chips, be sure to ask them to bring you bowls of green and red salsa. Now who doesn't a big juicy hamburger? David's doesn't with David's Single ($5.99), say that 2 times fast. A 1/3lb patty topped with the usual suspects, then dressed with David's creamy sauce which to me was a thick version of Thousand Isle dressing, adding a layer of tangy goodness. Along side you have your choice of fries or you can choose to upgrade ($.99) to a mix of large deep onion rings and French fries. For dipping I a side of David's sauce did the in lieu of ketchup. The Patty Melt ($7.25) is diner food. We're talking thick ground beef patty, melted cheese and grilled onions on your choice of grilled sourdough or rye bread. The grease from the beef patty and grilled onions is absorbed into the bread creating a creamy texture, for me this is what a patty melt is all about. Of course the Guacamole Burger ($6.25) with its pepper jack cheese, bacon and guacamole is the marriage of Mexican and American influence. If you're an early riser, David's also serves breakfast Bacon Pancakes ($6.75) and Coconut Waffles ($6.25). Someone please pass the syrup. My only question, where is the breakfast burrito? [SEP]
3	Pei Wei is always busy, that's gotta mean something right? Wrong. There are restaurants that serve billions yet all they serve is a mystery. Pei Wei is no though, the food is cooked in an open air kitchen. Even so, if there were such a thing as Asian food, Pei Wei would be version of it.Most Pei Wei's are situated in locations where ever there is an AJ Foods, but atleast they aren't located in the ghetto.As far as the food goes, it is about as Americanized as you can get. So if you live in America and have American taste buds, it will to you. if you want Asian food you won't find it at Pei Wei. I don't understand why they even to put chopsticks on the table, the rice isn't even to pick it up with. They are for decoration. They are part of the 'fake' Asian dining experience. Apparently, Pei Wei serves food manadrian style from Thailand, Vietnam, Japan, Korea, and China. In the words of Bill Lumbergh, Ooo.. yeahh.. I'm just not sure about that. Having traveled to China I can honestly tell you that Chinese food is different. Apart from the rice, the food vegetable oil and garlic. In China those two ingrediants are used in many dishes and Pei Wei them. When I first started visiting Pei Wei I ordered the and Sour, but I got of it. Sometimes the meat would be tough, sometimes the chicken would clump together all nastily. What I get now-a-days and what I got on this particular day was Mandarin Kung Pao. Even though the dish is spicy, that doesn't mean it has to be dry - and it was. What it was missing was some catalyst to bring out the spicy flavors and make them more vibrant.The dishes at Pei Wei are family style meaning they are meant to be shared with several people. A dish and a drink will end up costing you about $10. If each person gets one dish, that's a lot of food, probably to feed a small village in Africa somewhere. It would be if they served each dish in two styles, family and single, large and small. Family style is if you always visit Pei Wei with your family. But if you are out for lunch with people from you might not want to share your food with your co-workers. They aren't your family. You don't know them.Pei Wei is a Asian diner that is probably than most of the mom and pop Asian diners out there, even if most of the food is cooked by Mexi-- I mean Asians. [SEP]
4	Watched the Ignite Phoenix #7 viewing party here on Friday Night. Thanks for hosting. Had a Americano while I watched. drinks and interior. The other guests seems to be talking about their food as being very good. This is a little out of my neighborhood so don't know how often I will be able to stop by, but if I am ever remotely close and need a little java, this is a little spot. [SEP]
4	the bar! The two guys that sing and play music there Wed thru Sat nights are just amazing. Manuels' has very Mexican food. enchiladas and refried beans around. Bar is after being renovated recently. Restaurant could use some updating. [SEP]
4	This was my first half marathon. I the music the buzz of tens of thousands of people all about to do a long run. It was seeing the sunrise over the city. I found the parking, shuttles at Tempe and food-court to be very to use. It seemed planned for such a large event, just not bathrooms for the amount of people.The PA for the full marathon kept going in and out so it introduced the 2 star athletes but you couldn't hear their reason for being there or accomplishments. Bathrooms on the course were way too few and huge lines. I felt for those who needed them. I saw less than 10 at the first 2 stops for 12000 people. If you gotta go #2 on the course, too bad,... Take Imodium on race day I guess.Bands and were fantastic, but this was my 1st time so can't compare.... GU gel is always on me, to see them out there. The course is NOT flat having a 'heartbreak hill' in it at mile aprox. 9. UPS gear check bag apart at a feather's touch the day before the race. thing, i was going to use it. The of the seam isn't sealed so any slight pressure/tear will open the entire side. HaABOUT THE AUTHOR-INTERESTING BACKGROUNDMy first endeavor was a rolerblade marathon in tucson in 2004. I guess it's out of style now so no more skates. Used to do the New TImes 10k in phoenix every year too. GONE, sad.Last year I did the Tour de Phoenix 72 mile bike race on a 33lb. full suspension (no lockouts) mountain bike with in both tires and all my supplies on my bike and camelback... thought i was tough, 'till I tried running! Injuries were now a new thing now and it is much per hour than biking, but about the same calorie burn... Still both. I did a sprint triathlon recently too.We all know running is 'hard' you don't get extra calorie from impact but something about running and especially in this event captured my interest. On the way to the zoo last year i saw the half marathon pass by and said I think i could do that NOW boy was i wrong... it took me almost a year to train for this event, but what a challenge. I did this as a run walk 3 min run 1 min walk. I learned from the Galloway training method that this method is not only but than trying to run straight through. .I am of the constant run for this time but it winds up being than when i take walk breaks. I tested this with a 10k distance. I was 7 minutes with a run walk than running straight through. look it up, may change your life too. I took 50 1 minute walk and i did my time goal of aprox. 2:30 with 1 bathroom break. [SEP]
5	I was bitten when the first location opened in Tucson. Since 2008, I have tried numerous gelato places and none have come close to the creaminess, tastiness and overall fare as Frost. Each dip of the spoon is reminiscent of my travels abroad in Italy with memories that bring a to my face and to my tongue. The San Tan village location is 25 minutes away but the drive is worthwhile. The staff is friendly, and armed with spoons for you to sample any flavor you wish. I went with the chocolate and salted caramel. Truly delightful! Word on the street is there are 3 locations to pop up around the Phoenix area. I think Tempe would be a choice! Hint hint.... [SEP]
2	I Live close but will stop eating there. The service was slow, my friend complanned about a order he had and they said ow next time tell them to make it different for you? Really then I ordered another simple California roll Took forever. The Sushi is allright but the overall experience is driving somewhere else you me... [SEP]
1	Beware... use only a credit card so you can stop payment if you need to. ( our sales person encouraged us to pay cash and get a 10% discount ). Big mistake, Any you're on your own...really... On your own! We've spent over $3,000 at this store and it has been a nightmare. Delivery took weeks longer then our sales person said & our paper indicated. There was a with the fabric, the paint was mismatched, what was to take 10 days took 3 months. Not a darn thing was handled properly. Every call we made to customer service was routed directly back to our sales person. We went back to the store in person but there is no mgr, no one except commission sales staff and a voice mail go round. [SEP]
3	to know they still have independent films and they chose what to play. this location seems to be attracting 40+ yuppies! I was to see how many middle-aged and even elderly were at Camelview. That was a :/ [SEP]
5	Don't usually give 5 stars, but this is sushi. At first, I was a little of all the macadamia nuts on their sushi, but it is a compliment.The rolls are original and all very good. The Climax('s) and the Elliot are my favorite. [SEP]
5	activity for kids. It's clean, and safe. [SEP]
4	I'm working downtown now (new themed list to come soon!) so I'm exploring the area from a different angle. I'm no to downtown/midtown's hour and dinner spots, but I've never had to go out and search for breakfast or lunch during the day. I checked out Focaccia one morning when I hadn't had breakfast yet at the of my husband, Myles M, who around the corner. He said I should order the breakfast burrito, so I did, because he's pushy and I always do what I'm told. Ok, neither of things are true, but in this case, he had conviction and I obediently complied. The breakfast burrito was every penny. Being a somewhat recent convert to pescetarianism, I got it with egg whites (cool that they had that option), spinach, green salsa and potatoes. The woman behind the counter made it up there on the grill and it was and delicious. The potatoes were skin-on which gave them a texture and flavor. The eggs were cooked and the green salsa had a kick. The coffee from the carafe I got to accompany it was airplane-quality, but next time, I'll just grab something from Cartel on the way back to my office. God knows the burrito alone will be to keep me coming back to Focaccia. [SEP]
1	Received two more messages from Iolanda this morning. Thought some of you might get a kick out of reading them. I'm definitely never going back to 98 South. Hope this info helps some of you... BTW, don't you just orangeheads?? Doling out are so much when hiding behind a mask!19 minutes ago: Obviously rebuttal is not your friend but is your neighbor......9 minutes ago: Thought the drink was for your gentleman friend but your the one that had to abandoned it.....You really shouldn't have your picture posted ......pug!!! I mean target....Lets go west side .............yeppie!!! [SEP]
5	what a little antique,etc. store I across the other day! I stopped in at the Starbucks for a refresher and noticed all of this stuff out in front of the store! I went inside and it was a combination of an 19th century hardware store and art walk. There was just a little bit of everything-some vintage, chic, crystal door pulls - industrial - toys. The owners are and are going to help me find a little period table I've been searching for. Lot of accents! I'm hooked! I'll be back with a vengence! [SEP]
4	place to have a vacation..love this place. Close to shopping too... [SEP]
5	AMAZING. Everything we had was the we have eaten; sushi, crab cakes, oysters! It's a MUST if near the Scottsdale Quarter! We chose to eat there 2 nights in a row, once for a reserved dinner and the other for the hour. [SEP]
5	This was the lunch! I got the Sack's Symphony with turkey, bacon, avocado, sprouts, tomato and cream cheese. It was SO SO good. The combination was prefect. There was plenty of meat and toppings piled on- it definitely filled me up. It's the place is a well-loved lunch spot- it was a full house at 1:00. I can't wait to go back. [SEP]
4	I was looking for a reco for a 'significant' [eh hem] birthday dinner and foodie friend Jim suggested Mission because of Matt Carter. We had a 7 res and parked in front...fire blazing out front, feeling. Inside, the decor is appealling but because of the of surfaces, its really loud. [Full disclosure: I did not inform them it was my birthday] We were seated along the banquette wall and were a two next to a four on each side. Noisy, obnoxious. Server was very although over the bar order [and it turned out they made a scotch substition that they made no mention of]. Had I not already done my yelp research I would have been at a as to what to order. We skipped the apps and had the swordfish and the pork. Swordfish was a attempt but I thought over citrified and small bit over cooked. The pork tacos were genius. The combination of the pork, the sauce and the accompanying red onion, queso and cilantro on the home made corn tortilla just sang. The pork arrived as a chunk that apart. the $32 and meant for two. You can also ask for more of the tortillas. We shared the churros and milkshake for dessert. DEEEVINE. chocolate churros sprinkled with cinnamon sugar and an milk that we really enjoyed. I'd go back and sit outside by the fire and eat the apps and have drinks Plates are small to begin with and I think if you expect a dining experience, you'll be disappointed. I think the service is working out some kinks, the bar seemed okay [although the TV is this space seems well, off putting...] and the kitchen seemed to be cranking. I do think its very food. . [SEP]
5	shopping place for clothes, jewelry, art and home decor! One of those finds and the owners are really nice. It has boutique clothing at prices, atmosphere and FRIENDLY!!!! [SEP]
4	Concept!My girls this place. You have to really learn the schedule when the place is really busy (because it gets packed) and that is when the experience is diminished and the potential for getting is heightened.The big plus is the multitude of things to do. For the smaller,. younger children, they have their own set of trampolines and the bounce houses..well, who doesn't a bouncy bounce!The older kids can experience the main and I will tell you that watching some of the stunts is amazing! Not to mention the dodge ball, foam pit and the maze...2 hours gets eaten up quick.Whats about this is that kids are being ACTIVE and really getting a out. I was out for 10 minutes and my butt was kicked...so this is a way to get your kids moving and motivated.The staff is young, but so is the staff at dog on stick...but they keep things under control and I have only seen one person get in all the times that we have been there. Looking for common sense, customer service, or a straight answer and you might have talking with the floor.Worth the money...great value...and fun. A definite two thumbs up in my book. [SEP]
4	Was in Phoenix for business and had to check out this starwood property.I've stayed at W's before so I wanted to compare.The goods:Starwood property!Close to airportGreat priceCool room - very hip compared to most anything else you're going to stay in.. Not quite a W but not your typically Sheraton either. staffHad this really video input box on the desk connected to the TV. Allowed me to plug my laptop video into the box and have it come up on the TV. Was able to stream netflix easily to the TV.They have a barEasy parking close to the doorLocation drive-able to restaurantsPool QuiteThe not so goodsBed and pillows kinda a futon. No formal restaurant. dinner/entries offering is more than to me and I travel a lot.They do have a delivery menu from some local restaurants (A-Loft note: Ruby Tuesday's food sucks)I would give it a 5 if it had a formal resturant. Would I stay here again - yes for sure! [SEP]
4	This place is great! The pizza is so yummy, thick chewy crust and sauce makes it one of my go to places for pie. The wings are with a diverse amount of different sauces to choose, from the mild, medium, and to BBQ, honey and my baby rays chili.The interior of the restaurant is large and decorated with lots of wood trim and there is a kids play area and TV's to watch sports and such. Sit outside in the patio or take it to go. [SEP]
4	I want to make to a cream puff sundae. Maybe even marry one. They're that good. Other than totally desserts, this pace is a dump. The g-damn fluorescent lights give me a headache.Go there for dessert, inhale it before the lights give you a seizure then run before you get into a shit-hole linoleum time-warp. [SEP]
1	Totally to try this place out, my grandparents, my mom and I (4 of us) came here for some Korean food. It wasn't too busy; just pairs of people from nearby offices coming in and out. Unlike other Korean restaurants, their lunch special selection is very limited. Special A consists of a sushi roll with a soda, special B = teriyaki beef/chicken (no soda), or special C, Korean BBQ Spicy Chicken. As we were looking at the lunch special board, the lady behind the counter insisted that we should look at their full price menu instead. Here comes the part: she then asked my mom are you Chinese? Even though she is, my mum looked at me all as in what does that mean? The lady proceeded by pointing at the seafood pancake section on the menu and saying I don't know why but you Chinese this pancake a lot. thing my mom didn't hear what she said.. or else... So we got the Spicy Chicken lunch special ($6.99), a bulgogi ($6.99), and a beef yakisoba ($7.19). The thing about this place is that it has a mini kimchi buffet bar, with trays of marinated tofu, potato, bean sprout, kimchi, broccoli and some other vegetables. It also has this house special sauce. By the time we finished a dish of kimchi, the food came, so it didn't take long. The spicy chicken, came in a bowl about the size of an instant-noodle bowl (but slightly deeper), was tender, with rice underneath it. The chicken was definitely marinated well; however, the last couple of pieces had tendons and big chunks of fat... what a way to end it. The bulgogi also came in a bowl, with rice underneath. The beef was definitely not marinated fully. The color was light and the beef was close to tasteless. The biggest disappointment, food-wise, was the beef yakisoba. The noodles, occupying most of the Styrofoam lunch box, were sweet. Then there was an ice-cream scoop of rice, topped with 3 pieces, I kid you not, THREE pieces of dog-tag-sized, super-dry meat. In the end, we just decided to bring the barely-touched yakisoba home for my younger brother (well, teenage boys tend to eat everything...). While my mom transfered the noodles to the plastic bowl (since the Styrofoam box was lidless), I went to ask for a plastic cover. This is the part: the same lady, stared at me, pointed at the salad bar and said you can't take that home. I thought there was a miscommunication, so I asked again for a lid for the noodles. Again, she pointed at the salad bar and said you are not allowed to take the kimchi home. seriously? Just b/c my grandparents are Chinese you assumed we were stashing kimchi in a bowl and trying to it out? Look, I just want to take my noodles home, ok? She hesitantly gave me a lid.Hey, hey you. we chineness peple no kimchi becuz Confucius say 'no kimchi'... only if I said that to her face...Oh, and when we got home, my brother, aka our food dumpster, took a bite of the yakisoba and never touched it again. Conclusion: If you want Korean food and customer service, please just go to Chodang. Chodang is WAYYY BETTER, hands down [SEP]
3	Ok, they should be that I am understanding of the flying that landed in my dessert and before it was served. Yes, I found it as I was eating the dessert, grossed me out, but not necessarily their fault. The manager came over and apologized and took the dessert off the bill and offered me another one. Anyway, the rest of the meal was great. My party and I had the scallops with green beans and capers. Yummy! I do Pappadeaux's overall and this is the first time I didn't have a experience. [SEP]
1	3 months, 22 emails, 10 plus calls and (I think) we have the final from Budget! Stay of Budget Rental they DO NOT care about customers or resolving their mistakes! [SEP]
3	Don't get me wrong, White Chocolate Grill is and definitely a place I will go back to, but there is something that just doesn't click. Everything tastes and the service is and but it is more of a dinner that a meal you get about. I can't say for everyone I really don't waiting a half hour for a table. Call me I don't care, I really do not think many restaurants deserve that title even on a Friday night. I do that they have an entire menu for gluten diners. It's so to find gluten in restaurants don't even mention an entire menu! I was impressed! I ended up artichokes with parmesan (ask for no bread crumbs) with my mom and got myself a chicken caesar. Both were decent. We did end up ordering a gluten chocolate soufflé (make sure to specify that you want it gluten because they had a normal version as well) which was and I would definitely go there just for that. Overall a family weeknight restaurant that is that is above average meal. Definitely a place to go if you have celiacs or are gluten intolerant. [SEP]
5	I been here once and I it!! Food here is amazing! Decor is cute, felt walking into someones home! It's communal seating so get to know other guest! Service was great, but before I continue....They're closing this weekend due to the of business! OMG! I going before you out - take care Lola - what ever you want - you get :) [SEP]
5	I am totally to this place. Tons of flavors of smoothies, and cooked Boba. Green Tea, or even Vanilla Chi - so far all the flavors I've tried have been fantastic. [SEP]
2	USE to be the Pizza in town. that was 10 years ago. Now this place is at about $10 for 2 slices and a drink. me you can find pizza almost anywhere and they charge for ranch as do most pizza places. But isn't a pizza joint charging for ranch the same as a burger place charging for ketchup? [SEP]
4	The BF and I got coffee here last night as part of the coffee tour of Phoenix!!. The coffee was alright, not too acidic, but not the most flavorful coffee, but the main reason for the 4 star review is they are open late and they deliver! How awesome! The people who there were all friendly. The ice cream looked good...will have to try in the future. [SEP]
4	Pats is predictable. In the amount of times that I have eaten there, i've never been served pizza i'm with. pizza slices in Arizona with prices. Generally stopping by for slices is the way to find service with little to no wait. Not always the friendliest workers, but that doesn't make my pizza take longer or taste any different! [SEP]
5	Words cannot express how much I the meat shop. I it a guy the place that sells him the bacon he has ever had... because I am and it is.I'll be honest, it can be a bit walking in to the Meat Shop for the first time, if you aren't a chef and don't know your cuts, you may be afraid, but don't just ask for help because the staff are excellent!Whether beef, pork or lamb, the meat here is always the quality, and knowing its locally raised and by people who care about what they are doing makes it even better. And price? I've never compared closely but I don't really think twice about the price here!Be warned! If you buy meat here, you will be ruined! You will never again be able to purchase that saltwater packed, antibiotic injected, hormonally treated, ammonia and pink filled in your supermarket again!And that is a very, very thing. [SEP]
5	I LOL just thinking about some of the cast members and skits that I have seen at Jesterz. The first time I saw Jesterz, I was expecting it to be and honeslty didn't know what to expect. I was blown away how it got at times. funny. We went again soon after the first time but didn't go again for a 2 years, we went back recently and was kinda as the crowd was not as big as past times. Even with a smaller crowd there were tons of LOL moments. Writing about it kinda makes me want to go back. [SEP]
5	What a place to hike/ run/ shred! It's a hike to up the routine with. A hike with bits of to a summit with views. The only is there's crowds of people snaking their way up and down the hill. I feel for humanity sake I must pass on some words of advice. 1) If you need to pass- Just say Me or On your left/right or, if those don't work, Can I pass? Don't yourself and huff and puff behind someone because they can't interpret your grunts. 2) The railing sections. Yes, it's but if you see someone running down using the railing and trying to go fast- LET GO and let them pass. There's this thing called gravity and it will keep you firmly on this earth. me you're not going to fly off into space nor over backwards. Then you can grab the railing and pull yourself up if that's what you need to do. 3) I can't believe I have to mention this- DON'T FREAKIN' on the trail. Apparently there are some who can't savor life's moments without puffing on a cigarette. But if I see you smoking as I hike this thing I will be forced to kick you in the shins. I can't help it it's what happens when I inhale second hand smoke. 4) Your does not add to the ambiance. Pack out what you take in. This includes dog owners. Pick it up. Nothing will decompose because this is a desert. Just sayin' 5) Finally, sometimes in life when we arrive to our destination and find the parking lot full one must consider finding other options. Yeah, you in the SUV waiting with the engine running for a spot at the nearest to the trail head. Park down the road and walk up. Ridiculous. Hiking! [SEP]
5	The Japanese food in AZ! Guaranteed! When you are looking for original Japanese food, or the closest taste to Japan, this would be it! The sushi is soooo and they always carry out items that are not in other sushi place uni or little octopus that I love! Their ramen is also and if you come here for lunch, don't forget to check in their special of the day cause they offer a price with taste and lots of for lunch!! this place so much! [SEP]
4	I met up with a girlfriend at borders. This Border's is across from the Scottsdale fashion square. The store is inviting, clean, bright, and new. They have a of books, and sales.Upstairs is the Seattle's coffee cafe. I had a coupon for a medium drink when you buy a bag of coffee beans. I was surprised how my cafe mocha was, than Starbucks.note: If you have little kids, they do have story time on Mondays at 10:00 AM. Every Friday is Bean Friday in Seattle's Coffee cafe. Buy a bag of beans and receive a medium beverage. [SEP]
3	I was so looking forward to going to this restaurant. It has a view of a man-made pond, but the food is barely average. If the ambience wasn't so nice, it would get only 2 stars. [SEP]
5	I'm a for a yummy coconut cupcake and Tammie Coe has the around as far as I've tasted, and I've eaten a lot of coconut cupcakes -- all in the name of research of course. Keep 'em coming, Tammie! [SEP]
5	pizza and must have guacamole pizza appitizer!!!! [SEP]
4	I usually try to stay away from the Arizona Mills mall. The mall itself has gotten crappier by the minute. Now, since I close by, I was forced to go back to venture to Bakery. I honestly did not get my hopes up.Since it was lunch time, it was not busy at all. Nothing is that being on your lunch, starving, and standing in line. I opted for the Chicken Walnut Sandwich, with a cup of Tomato Soup. The sandwich was and fresh. The bread was as was the chicken walnut salad. You know...sometimes chicken salad can get really gross..slimey..salty...yucky. This one was and the walnuts added a crunch.On to the soup. First off, I L-O-V-E tomato soup. It is my favorite. Would almost consider taking a bath in it. Hehehe...well, ok maybe not. BUT this soup rocked my socks off. creamy, with a hint of smoky flavor, a small drizzle of cream and a few crunchy tortilla strips. YUM.So, venture there to try the soup but scurry and take the food with you. Don't eat there. Take it somewhere, where you can have a moment alone with the soup. Finito. [SEP]
4	Having a record store in the Memorial Union always made me nervous. Nearly everything in that building is specifically designed to students off and I didn't think that Hoodlums could possibly be an exception.Fortunately, that assumption was incorrect. Hoodlums had a diverse selection, sales, and an staff. The went beyond the pop charts and were always helpful. The atmosphere was nice, particularly once they moved into the basement.The store in a fire last autumn and the store is not going to re-open in the union. On their website, it states that it should reappear in the future in another location and I have my fingers crossed. [SEP]
4	You get a lot of food thats what I love! The guy was very very although you know sometimes you just want a minute to think, that was noexisitant. The chicken is realld good, the ribs were than okay, but not great. The beef was kinda salty. All in all though bang for your buck! [SEP]
2	Okay...this was very surprising since it was just voted Southwestern food in PHX mag's of the Valley issue...and thus, it made us want to have a visit.I southwestern food...and I was very let down by this place. I feel I should give it 3 stars...but as an A-OK rating, I just can't. If 3 stars were for OK food then I'd give it 3 stars. But truly, I have...I have had better.PHX Mag said to try the crab cakes, which we did, and they were delicious. Very with them and therefore expected the entrees to be just as great...but they weren't. : ( I had the salmon, which the waitress and it was such a bummer. It had way too many tastes going on that didn't seem to blend at all. I my appetite after a few bites. My boyfriend had the shrimp tacos which were just...average. We were really disappointed. Again, the crab cake appetizer was and the two margaritas were as - the Tontorita and the Prickly Pear - both very, very yummy. But overall, if PHX Mag continues to more lame-oid meals, I'm gonna have to start using it as wrapping paper instead of a go-to guide for meals in this town. [SEP]
1	This place was horrible! I will never go back it was over priced and the thing I ate was the corn bread you get before the meal. I had the chorizo stuffed tenderlion it was chewing on a piece of rubber stuffed with soy. My girl freind had flavorless tacos with corn tortillas. three words it sucked, sucked, sucked! [SEP]
5	Just fantastic. I first went to Cornish Pasty in 05' a few months after they opened and in immediately. Although a few things have changed over the years each one is usually an and never a negative. If you are not familiar, a pasty is a traditional British coal miners food. A hearty filling wrapped in a pie crust and baked. Kind of a hand-held meat pie. Cornish Pasty Co. has taken this simple and traditional dish and perfected each component. Their crusts are some how simultaneously hearty and flaky. Although their is nothing about their seasoning it is never out of balance and all of the ingredients are always quality. Beyond just mastering the details of pasty science, Cornish Pasty Co. has also branched off into and exotic flavors. It's no shocker that the British know Indian food and it shows with the tika masala and the lamb vindaloo pasties. What is is the of the Greek and Italian inspired pasties. Perhaps my pasty, from the cuisine most elusive to the British, is the Carne Avadado. This is a Mexican inspired pasty that will even the most Las Cruses/El Paso foodie. If you have ever talked Mexican food with one you will know just what I mean. I have eaten nearly every item on the menu and not a one disappoints. It took me ages to get past the pasties and start ordering soups and salads. Now that I have had the spinach, mushroom, walnut soup, it is hart to save room for my old favorites. Although the mine shaft inspired interior is and I have never felt there. The sound system is usually rock and the employees are pierced and tattooed beyond your typical wait staff, but everyone is and service is typically good.If I have to list a the only one I can think of is the food is just a little at the University location than the Dobson one. No clue why, but everyone I've talk to seems to agree, the Tempe store has the edge on quality. After you add a selection of beers the only reason you won't be here every night is your waist line. [SEP]
4	With a name The Lodge, I thought I was going to an old restaurant with some of the neighborhood locals. We went here after a soccer game two weeks ago, and I have to say, I thought I was going to be disappointed. I expected food, and grimy scenery. This was not the case, although the scenery was mildly as most of the decor included some dearly departed wildlife. I had a sandwich I believe called the choice, that was supposedly was healthy? It came on this thick toasted buttery whole grain bread, egg whites, hollindase sauce, tomato and avocado. It was one of the sandwiches I have ever had. I don't think it was a calorie by any means but I am sure it was just the idea it was made with healthier ingredients. For a lodge, this was a restaurant, and yes this is a by far, joking aside, as you remember my thoughts of what a lodge was all about. This is nothing the local VFW. The only other part was this at the bar decided to take his shirt off, and throw it across the room. And ladies, no, this was definitely not a sight nor was it funny. They need to enforce the shirt and shoes required law here otherwise it will earn a lodgey from me. Luckily, as this sight appeared, we quickly disappeared on our way home. [SEP]
3	This is Alright, I have been to better. Their selection is okay, is okay and organization is okay. All goodwill's prices are the same, as far as I know. The staff is and I never have finding somebody if I need help. [SEP]
4	Los Olivos is a resturaunt in the Old Scottsdale city near the SF Giants spring training site. That is how I happened on this family style eatery. Arrived to the area to meet a HS friend and was way early. Used the Yelp app on my phone and soon I was here! Seated with out any wait. The place was just picking up since the ball game was not to far off and it was Dinner time as well. Service was very and pleasant. I'm partial to Chicken what ever in these Mexican style resturaunts, and had a 'Chimi'. Arrived shortly and it emencely.I would Los Olivos to anyone. Looks as if they can handle most any size group as well! Everything is priced as well. Enjoy! Holla! [SEP]
4	As I'm always on the chase for some of the spicy tuna rolls, I would say Yen's is up there in my 5. I haven't been in for hour yet, but I hear it is fantastic! Word to the though...do not get the dessert that looks a pyramid. I can't even remember what it is called. But it claims to have a caramel center...um, not so much! If you can avoid the desserts, then this is a place for sushi and even specialty rolls. I haven't had any with it being or service some reviews have mentioned. But I've only been for lunch and then another time late at night. [SEP]
5	The castle is what drew us here. It's just the front of a castle with a reading nook in the bottom of the tower. The 3 year old was as soon as he saw it. There is also a play area with big activity walls. It was a little for my son to comprehend being while playing. Getting to the library was with the GPS. Just follow the signs and park in the garage at the end to the left when you pull in. a one time visit. [SEP]
4	went for lunch today with my girlfriend. i had the chicken tacos and she had the mahi tacos. you get three little tacos per order. we switched one for one. the chicken was freakin great. i had a small chicken bone and some cartilidge in mine and i still it. and dressed with an adobo sauce, maybe. it had some green cabbage, some sliced fresno peppers and what i think was manchego. i it. the girl had mahi tacos (they offered the option of grilled rather than fried). it was good, had some remoulade and the same cabbage and fresnos on it. it was all good. the service, the food, the atmosphere, and the whole package. go here, eat here. be happy. quality over quantity. always. done mission staff, done [SEP]
4	A little for the portions but the flavors are outstanding. Homemade horchata is my nana used to make. [SEP]
1	This place is over priced and the service is horrible. I went there with my feiends and the server was very and degrading! [SEP]
3	Average airport. I wish gate Marques listed which zone was boarding. There were three airplanes loading at the same time and it was near to tell which gate was loading which zone. We just waited a few minutes and rolled the dice that our zone was loading. [SEP]
4	As a vegetarian and health nut, I just TJ's. They have a array of produce, including my broccolini, for 40% of what Safeway charges. Huge selection of veggie-friendly dinners, for my on-the-go household. Greek yogurt, cheap. beer selection with lots of cheapo wine. I try to buy all my supplements here too, as they seem to be a lot less expensive. Yes, I'm all about saving cash on groceries and whatnot.The downside? It's not one-stop-shopping; a trip always requires supplementation with another trip to a regular grocery store. This particular TJ's is teeny-tiny-small, and always chock-full of and/or people who wield carts weapons. My is the woman who thinks it's an time to teach little Jimmy how to push his own wee cart and comparison shop, and lets the little cruise all over the store willy-nilly. I'm all for giving your kid responsibility, but a) you still have to, you know, keep an eye on the kid and b) a super-crowded claustrophobic this place after is not, repeat, NOT the time to do so. [SEP]
5	Dave at Dave's Ashtanga is the yoga teacher. He is kind, considerate, and a very person. He will take the time to show you a yoga move or asana. He is very about different subjects. What I is once he said, here you can do nothing wrong. [SEP]
3	The hotel is a throw back in time - people and simple resort. the shuttle in the local area. The restaurant though is not bad, but the service can definitely be especially at breakfast time. [SEP]
4	This place shares with a Circle K.Hate to say it, but get your 44oz. drink in Circle K for 86 cents to go with your chicken.But I'm here just to deliver my Inside Skinny:Tuesday has a leg n thigh for 99 CENTS, mild or spicy!If you've had with freshness, go on a Tuesday, everyone knows about this deal and they're making lots of chicken all the time. LOAD UP!!! I get 5 orders and make it last a few days.MY PIG-OUT STUNT:Take the layer of skin from the of a thigh and place on a plate crunchy side down, then peel off a chunk of chicken from the piece and place it on of the skin. Apply a really amount of Frank's Red or Trappey's Red cayenne sauce. Fold skin a taco and shove the whole thing in your mouth!!!!No one can this deal.Church's tried but they just couldn't hang.Sometimes the Popeye's thighs are a little small, but hey for 99 cents, what a deal!Attire: Formal (Jacket Required)HAHAHAHA!!! I just had to. [SEP]
5	Just a quick update.... Took my parents here for lunch today, and now I have 2 more converts! If anyone is still sleeping on this place, on you; you're really missing out. Why? food made from QUALITY ingredients and FRESHLY prepared to order. stuff all around! [SEP]
5	I this place!!!!fun poker 3 days a week!!great food!!!great prices!!!even people!!!! [SEP]
4	I had just been to the Chandler Deseret location and didn't realize the there was a second store nearby. This too is bookstore (though smaller then Chandler) where you can purchase both Christian and LDS items.The only to this location is there is no Lion House Pantry.Being a non-Mormon, I've found the staff both and and have never been proselytized. Since I do have several Mormon friends, I've found the Deseret Bookstore a place to go to purchase to find Holiday gifts.Enjoy! [SEP]
2	Pros:- Calm/Quiet atmosphere- Clean- Amenities are *Hot tub outdoors and inside, large steam room & sauna. sitting areas both outside and inside. - Products (Shampoo, conditioner & body wash were okay.)Cons:- EXPENSIVE!- of the 20%gratuity (i don't know who's idea this was but, i was a little offended at the presumptive 20% tip. I tip when deserved but i tipping on my own terms.) - Spa hostess at the front desk/checking in was snooty- 50 min massagesI went in for Aji (swedish) 50 min massage, the massage therapist was personable and was to what I asked her to focus on. I know the time was not her but 50 mins for a massage at these prices made me feel really off. (i had a Groupon to offset the cost but even that didn't make me feel about the cost.) I don't know who thinks a 50 min massage is enough.......but come on an extra 10 mins wouldn't them!All in all i would say skip it, it's and for less money you can get a 60 min or 90 min and feel because you didn't over pay. [SEP]
4	Ok it's a chain, so there's that... But I'm Bro'man and we luv us a sammich! And Capriotti's didn't there.I went at an time and had the place to myself, it was quite and instead of just hanging out BS'ing the people were busy taking care of the place.So the menu - short and sweet, that's how I it. Unlike a place the Cheezecake Crapory with it's 80,000 menu items, none of them done well, Capriotti's keeps it under control and turns out a tasty sammy. I had the turkey sub with spicy peppers, mmm mmmm. I the roasted turkey that, and the just grandma made pickles. not either of my grandma's made, but someone's grandma... The veggies passed the & crispy test with flying colors and the sub roll was and chewy.Ya it's slightly on the higher end sandwich price range, but its quality and filling. I made 2 meals out of the 9, with the meal deal around $10. I have a Groupon for the place and can't wait to take my friend and get him hooked. Next victim on my list: the Bobbie!! [SEP]
4	I am always on the prowl for a burger so when I heard there was a new burger place in Tempe I knew I had to try it out.The boyfriend and I went to Lobby's on a Friday night. It was not busy but the location doesn't really lend itself to busy. So we were able to walk in and order. It's an order at the counter and grab a seat kinda place. We both ordered cheeseburgers and got an order of fries to share. I that the burgers were not pre-made patties. They threw down two hunks of beef on the grill.The burgers were tasty, a size - not too big, not too small - and the fixin's were fresh. So was the bun. The fries were crinkle cut but they were crispy and good.The atmosphere was fine, for a quick sit-down and the staff was friendly.I hope they can survive in this location because they are a repeat visit for sure. [SEP]
4	salads and burgers! [SEP]
5	Fuego Bistro is one of my new favorites! A couple people have it to me, so my boyfriend and I decided to try it for restaurant week. We arrived about 15 minutes before our reservation to have a drink on the patio. The staff was welcoming and friendly. Matt a mai tai and I had a red sangria - both very refreshing. Our table was on time and we had an waitress who gave suggestions on ordering... there were so many looking options on their restaurant week menu. We're sharers, so we ordered with that in mind. Drinks: We got the pomegranate mojito (very refreshing) and a peach-blood orange mojito (sweet, but very good)Starters: Signature empanadas: Tasty. The focus was the meat, I would have preferred more vegetables inside.Sauteed prawns: The star here were the sauces - delicious!Entrees: Cola Braised Short Ribs: AMAZING! Some of the we've ever had. The short ribs were very and not at all. The flavor was so good!Pernil Asado (shredded pork): So delicious!! I made little tacos with their corn tortillas. Sides: Green chili cornbread casserole: A little drier than I had imagined, but flavor. Maple chiliglazed carrots: The glaze didn't really stand out to me, but as far as baby carrots go.Jalapeno creamed corn: I was surprised - really this one! Chipotle cheddar potatoes: A side with the short rib. Dessert: (By this point, we knew we'd need to be rolled out of the restaurant, but we HAD to have dessert since it was part of restaurant week). Chocolate chip bread pudding: Really chocolate chip bread with scoops of malted chocolate ice cream. This was a lot of food after that meal, but I savored the bites I had. The ice cream was excellent!Banana burrito: exactly what you'd picture with scoops of the same icecream - delicious! I can't wait to go back to Fuego and tell my friends about it. service, atmosphere, and dishes.... Fuego is a winner! [SEP]
5	Never thought I'd review a supermarket, but since it's times for alot of people out there, I'd to share my 2 cents..First of all, you don't need a card. The deals are for everyone and it makes it hassle-free during checkout. Now, about the deals ~ I find that Albertsons has the lowest prices and deals and you can find them amonst any product you're looking for. It's WAY than Safeway for sure.This is what i found yesterday: 88 cents for 2 (yes two!) snicker bars or other comparable chocolate bars, $1 for a bag of lifesavor candies, and $14.99 for a 24 bottle case of coors light. They also had 69 cent bags of veggies that people were buying crazy. Also, this location has really cuts of meat. I'm Korean and was so that they had short ribs cut for Kalbi jjim (korean braised shortribs), and for $3.99 a pound, it was quite a deal! [SEP]
2	We tried this out last night. We won't be back. There is no indication when you walk in that it's a seat-yourself restaurant. We stood at the hostess area until somone asked us if we needed something. We sat ourselves, and then sat and sat and sat because there was no server assigned to us. Perhaps that is a reason to seat patrons, so a server knows they've arrived?Finally, the hostess asked us if anyone had us, and she was very and took our order. Our drinks came out quickly, but then we waited and waited for our food. This would have been if the placed had been packed, but it wasn't. It was maybe 75% full (7:30 on Saturday) and there seemed to be plenty of servers. There was one large party on the patio.I ordered the vegetarian salad (can't remember what it was called) that advertised avocado, jicama, beans, and other yummy things. When it arrived, there was a tiny little sliver of avocado perched on top, and no more to be found. It was as if someone scraped up the dregs of an avocado from the rind of an empty one and flung it on my salad. It would have been more forgiveable if they had just forgotten it altogether. Also, the white beans were undercooked. The pizzas were good. I ordered the local organic vegetable one without cheese, and it came loaded with summer squash, roasted carrots, olives (local? Hmm...), leeks, roasted onions, and the crust was thin and crispy. My husband also his pizza. I should actually grant an additional half star to the hostess/waitress, who comped my salad when I about it. I was to pay for it, but she offered to take it off the bill. The final nail in the coffin was perhaps not the of the restaurant, but the large party out on the patio had 3-4 elementary-age kids literally running laps through the restaurant for the first 15-20 minutes we were there. If parents are content to let their hellions other diners' experiences, then I'm it's left to the restaruant to politely and discreetely ask the parents to please reign them in. No such luck. Anyway, this place has some things to on. for us, there are too many other businesses nearby for us to give it a second chance. [SEP]
4	I tried El Pollo Supremo based on a from my professor. I always though he was a man, but after eating here I know it. For under $5 you get chicken that is juicy and flavorful and a plateful of tasty sides and condiments. Wrap it all up in one of the piping tortillas that comes with your meal and enjoy. Another testament to the quality of the food is the fact that on my most recent visit no fewer than three police officers stopped in for lunch. You don't get that kind of patronage unless you are everything that El Pollo Supremo is: cheap, fast, friendly, and delicious. [SEP]
5	Stopped back in here today for lunch with Arlin B., Robyn N. & Mike C. They're still delivering the same Asian Buffet experience here as before, including atmosphere, food & table service that are just so it's Woohoo again for this restaurant!! :-))(See previous review for more details. Weekday Lunch Buffet is still $11.99/$10.79 Sr.) [SEP]
2	I was so disappointed. After drooling over these pictures and rave reviews for weeks I finally drove the ten miles to get my fantasy pizza. Imagine my surprise when they handed me this tiny box weighing almost nothing. I actually asked the waitress if she gave me the order. Funny, she asked me where i'd heard about the place and I told her the internet, she said Yawp (sic) ?..yeah most of those are family or friends, we got 5 stars or somethin'. That explains ALOT!Gee, thing me and my husband weren't really hungry, twenty bucks for a snack? Not quality but tiny quantity for price. Sauce is kinda raw, undertaste of wine and exactly two nickel sized slivers of garlic sausage per slice. Cheese is quality. I see why the place was empty at 7pm on a Saturday. If your single or on a date and don't mind high prices go for it. [SEP]
5	My daughter this place, they ran out of money and are closing currently. [SEP]
1	DON'T GET TIFFANY UNLESS YOU WANT A EXPERIENCEPretty Nail tale with Tiffany-My 10 year old first mani/pedi4:35 water and feet in chair only 13 minutes and painting toes. Prepped and painted fingernails from the chair- in 20 minutes. 35 minutes in all. Told owner I was and she said that a kid mani/pedii was 35 minutes then later 35 to 45 minutes. Tiffany never let it dry between coats so when she sat her under the light she told her only 5 more minutes and I stopped her. She said only the under coats will be wet and the will be dry. I told her Really because you never even let it dry between coats. She said not 4 coat. Base 2 color and is 4 ... and base dry she said...Owner said or it doesn't matter as long as the polish looks and it looks good. I didn't tip her on purpose...not because I'm poor- I got service. I would expect this for a color change but not a spa pedicure/manicure. Very disappointed. You'd think the owners would realize that all the other patrons saw her take of us. Get anyone but Tiffany unless you want a quick job! [SEP]
2	I've always been a fan of the Dilly Bird, it's just a sandwich... I can't speak for all locations but the one in Mesa off of Southern was a real the other night. I waited almost 30 minutes for a turkey sandwich! After working all day and sitting in traffic for an hour the last thing I want to do is sit in a food joint for that long, especially when all the kids behind the counter are around talking about their homework and girlfriends or boyfriends and not working. I have been going to this location for a dilly bird for longer than I can remember, but I will not be returning any time soon unless someone can I wont have to sit and listen to teenagers for a half hour while I wait for a sandwich. [SEP]
5	I had a burger experience here and intend to return the next time I am craving a Fuddburger. I also got to introduce a friend to Fuddrucker's for the first time, so it was a cherry-poppin' adventure. Not only are the burgers here tasty, but I the fact that you get to pick and choose the toppings from their self-serve produce and condiment bars. One of my things on french fries is Heinz 57 sauce and Fuddrucker's is truly for including that amongst its vast condiment selection.As a professed condiment whore, I was to discover a new flavor of Tabasco I have never encountered before... and I to think I really know my Tabasco products, having lived in Louisiana for years. This Fuddruckers special-orders the & Spicy of Tabasco which is not only on a burger, but would as an egg-roll dipping sauce. Knowing that I must have it for home use, my dining partner approached the manager who arranged to allow him to purchase a bottle. This was just one example of how efficient, helpful, and the staff here are. Next visit, I will demand to meet the one who refers to himself only as Mr. Crusty Baker (see photos).The restaurant also has a lot of decor evoking Americana and Route 66 roadside culture. The colors and the overindulgence in food contributes to a heightened state of arousal that can only be described as a Burger Party Contact High. You can just feel the burger love... the afterglow punctuated by the click of the seat belt as you strap in for a ride back to a somber, less-gluttonous reality. [SEP]
4	I this place. It was a little but all the stuff in it had some kind of paperwork. The paperwork explained about the materials used. I thought the lady who there was nice. Don't skip go in---even if you don't buy you can soak up a little astmosphere, [SEP]
3	The restaurant reminds me of a little countryside café. It gives me that homey feeling a mom and pop store instead of the chain restaurant that it is. I how whatever entrée you order from the menu; you can get a complete meal from it. Each entrée comes with a drink, bread, soup or salad, and their spumoni ice cream for dessert. However, if you want Italian food, you're not going to get it here. It's a very Americanized version of Italian food. They do have all the classics: the pastas, lasagnas, etc. I've been here several times and tried a few of their dishes.Spaghetti Vesuvius: name to start off. Spicy chicken sausage and meatballs with mushroom. I didn't think it was that spicy, but it was extra salty. It's a very flavorful dish, however the individual tastes are all mushed together. The noodles are a bit for me; perhaps undercooked. However some people it a bit tough. Gourmet Jumbo Crab Ravioli: There's not a lot of ravioli pieces in the dish. The edges that were not covered in the pesto alfredo sauce was dry. I did that they used crab meat in the ravioli. The creamy sauce was not and it wasn't too overpowering in my mouth. It was able to taste pesto sauce and still the texture of the crab. Baked Lasagna: This is the of the 3 I've had. It has 4 kinds of cheese, ground beef, and pork. First of all they gave you a huge piece of lasagna. Then they topped it with mounds of marinara sauce. You may have to remove some of the sauce if it's too much for you. The noodles were cooked for my taste, but it was still able to hold its shape. And the meat was blended with all the flavors of the dish. I do the little serving they have of the spumoni ice cream. It's a blend of pistachio, chocolate and strawberry. And it's just the amount after a large meal. Maybe one of these days I'll go back just to try their chocolate desserts. If you an American spin on Italian food, then you would this place. It's a place to eat after shopping at the mall and their quick service is if you're crunched for time. But the food is just average and not that special. [SEP]
5	True dining has come to the Valley.If you are looking to have a special dinner, this is the place. And plan on spending 3 hours as it is a true culinary experience.The tasting menu consists of options of 4, 5, or 6 courses, and they can be paired with wine, if you like. This is the way to go and even for tasting portions, they are not micro-mini.The choices for each course are extensive. At least 6-10 each. AND, the part, is that you won't find any ingredient repeated twice. NONE. Yes you might find tomatoes in the same night, but they won't be the same type. That's not to pull off, considering the of the menu.But, while you are between courses, Chef Binkley will send out numerous bouche - which, if you don't know, are tiny little one bit or one gulp appetizers like, mini sliders the size of a half dollar, or pancetta mousse in a shot glass.We ate there for my ex-H's bday, and had 8 bouche. Also, if you let them know in advance you are there for a special occasion, you will get custom printed menus for everyone at the table mentioning the special event.The ONLY drawback, is the atmosphere. It definitely doesn't fit the quality and of the food. But, I still give it a 5, as the food is superb.If you are a true foodie GO. I was the whole meal, as I couldn't wait to see what came out next! If you are a meat and potatoes type with an uneducated palate, save your time and money, since you won't the menu at all. [SEP]
4	They had what i was looking for ... it wasn't to find but after asking 3 people I eventually found it. A folding table and shelving. The place is typically big and laid out most other home depots. Know what to expect when you go and you won't be but if you want a lot of personal service stick to a local hardware store. [SEP]
4	the drive and more!! This absolute in the west valley is exactly what we need to have and support. a family owned business that is NOTCH!! The food was and the service and attentive. I am a HUGE fan. [SEP]
5	I've been coming here for several years. Can't find my first review. I guess it was too long ago. So here comes another one.The woman who runs the place. I've forgotten her name. She is one of the most gracious, friendly, and kind people you can ever hope to meet.When I go there, sometimes with and some times without my wife, I alway order the small sausage sandwich. With ajvar and onion, this can't be beat no matter how you my search around. The sausages, cevap, are and what's is that the bread is almost as as the sausages. Simply from all points of view. They make their own sausages and their own bread from scratch. In fact they make everything from there in the restaurant. Their soups are do for.A very of ours.I give this a 5 star because in the Bosnian/Jugoslavian cuisine catagory, this can't be beaten.One more thing mentioning: her Baklava is of the mark. It's not as as what you find in other restaurants. Everything is simply shelf. [SEP]
5	Try the Chicken Parmesan! It's the I've ever had? Quite possibly. When I in that area we would hit it for lunch once a week. Donna is in a take-no-shit-but-still-take-care-of-you kind of way. She calls it as she sees it and I think that's great. By your third visit she will most likely know what you are gunna order.I can't comment on the rest of the menu as I've only ordered the Chicken Parm. Yeah, it's that good. [SEP]
3	I'm rather about this place. The hygienists are and the staff is all very and accommodating. Every time I have to have a tooth filled (yes I'm totally that person) I feel I have to go back because something is wrong. For example not being able to floss between any of the filled teeth because the filling hasn't been filed down correctly. I don't feel the dentist really listens to you either. When I felt I had a with a tooth he told me it was and the next time I went back he found a huge cavity in that same tooth and told me I might need a root canal on it because it was so big. What a pain. [SEP]
4	This spicy chicken soup is a must have when sick. Always makes me feel when my hubby brings it home for me. [SEP]
3	I am that I remembered this place for brunch this past Saturday because it was food and I the atmosphere in the area as well. I went with my BF and we put our name in, got some coffee and was seated than the time the originally gave us, which is in my book. I had the breakfast burrito with chorizo. I wasnt a fan of it, it was but not GREAT. The chorizo really flavor and punch...maybe I am use to the chorizo I get back home. My bf had pancakes with ice cream on of it and it looked and he it.I would come back and probably will to try some of there other things. This is not a place to go to thinking you will get in and out quick, there are almost always people waiting but the walk around Old Town Scottsdale is it. [SEP]
4	Went for dinner before a Suns game on a Tuesday, got there at 5 and got in, but the place filled up after us. The atmosphere is awesome, a little brick house into small rooms with a huge patio dining area. The service was quality over all. Very at the beginning, forgot about us throughout the meal but showed up again at the check/dessert time. We had the Burrata with proscuitto for an app., which was awesome, melt in your mouth, almost cheese, and the proscuitto was pork butter, lovely. The pizzas were but not what i expected when i hear thin crust. The ingredients were definately quality but the crust was a little fluffy and chewy for my taste. Bianco still the charts on pizza, but for the of wait, and quality of food, ambiance, and service i would definately Cibo. I plan on going back to try some more selections. [SEP]
1	I parked in the Parking Garage, got my parking ticket validated, and still owed money for parking. The parking validation was $3.00. The charge for parking was $5.00 with $2.00 credit for the validation (not the $3.00 I was promised). I paid the remaining $3.00 charge, but then, the machine wouldn't give me a receipt.I am never going back to this location. It is off my radar from now on. [SEP]
3	I've returned to this place 2 more times after my last review. Wait service was still inconsistent, especially with the dimwitted waitress.The restaurant was plagued with out of foods often. A few months ago, the dimwitted waitress didn't tell us the appetizer was out till the end when I initiated the inquiry. Apparently she has already removed the out item from our bill.The wait service for my last meal with a group of friends was at 6:30 PM on a Saturday. We've got service from 3 different wait staffs. They were serving everybody else too. Not just us.The food came out and the taste was on this time. They were out of egg plant. We didn't tell them that 99 Ranch Supermarket was 2 doors down.So diners, I still consider this place a choice for foods. I will give 3.5 stars this time. [SEP]
3	Where I live in Tempe, I can walk to the end of my street, hop on an Orbit which takes me to the main Bus Depot or can drop me off closer to the Light stop off of Mill Ave. Not bad, right?I actually am the clustering of a real Bus Depot not anywhere near a residential area with plenty of security, lighting, public space in an easily location in Tempe. I actually feel hanging out here at night and when I ride my bike to the station, all the bike racks face the security and transit office, so never had an with my bicycle here either.The buses themselves are fine, I have had some very moments on the bus with the passengers (ie the 1st time I got on a Phoenix bus, a knife-fight out and I had to stay for a police report, another time two guys were reading porn across from me), but its kinda mixing with people rather then being in a car-tomb.What I very much have an with is most bus stations. I have had bums passed out (dead?) on the seat, meth heads, a single sign with no seating in the blazing sun (I am looking at you Scottsdale), seats no shade around, fights out at stations. I try to call the metro, they say it isn't their issue. Call the police non-emergency number, they say its the Metro jurisdiction. For this very situation alone, I don't take the bus at night since all the stations near the arts area and central are not lit, full of people and the buses take too long to come by (if they even stop). For this I am for the light for late night Phoenix excursions. Metro still has a lot of to do, but considering the I have seen with public transportation and bicycle awareness in the past 3 years, it seems to be going on the route. [SEP]
5	Italian deli in the middle of the desert. Huge sandwiches on the most bread you've ever had outside of NY. As someone who ate here 3 times in a 24 hr period, I feel especially compelled to tell you about their cheesesteak. HO-LY-SHIT. Easily the most decadent, flavorful cheesesteak I've had in a VERY long time - and I live 15 minutes outside of Philly. Im still in that they could pull something that off. Ask for yours on the roll.I should also mention the sausage, peppers & onion sandwich, which was really good. I they make their own sausage, which elevates them to superstar status in my book. The chicken parm sandwich and dinner are both equally good, and the meatball sandwich deserves mention as well.I dont do subs, but the ones I saw coming out of the kitchen looked huge and tasty. Perhaps I will try their pizza next time I'm in town. [SEP]
3	It's okay. it's nothing San Francisco food . [SEP]
5	This was my first experience with (with many more to follow). I into the store because I could it 4 stores down, and I was drawn in by the aroma (I don't even thing I read the name on the sign...I just followed my nose). I had never seen anything it! The giant blocks of soap, the bath-bombs, the bubble bars (that looked little cakes), and so much more! It was late December, so the sales staff told me that any left-over Christmas items were buy 1 get 2 (what a deal on my first visit!). They demonstrated a bath for me, and I was MESMERIZED! I got 6 Christmas bath bombs (4 of them for free!) and 3 travel-sized Snow Fairy shower gels (another Christmas product, and by far one of my products EVER). I also got some non-holiday bath bombs and melts because they were just too to pass up (I got a Youki Hi bath bomb, my bath ever, which was sometime last year). I also got my first piece of soap (Sexy Peel. all the citrus just makes me when I use this soap. It's sunshine in your shower)Since I used to in the mall I would go into whenever I had a and get a couple things, and the staff always recognized me :) They even offered me a hand-cream sample one day when I was of dry hands. I brought some of my friends from school in and told the girl behind the counter that they were newbies, so she rushed out from behind the counter to demonstrate EVERYTHING in the store! Literally, she showed us bath bombs, bubble bars, face cleansers and toners, massage bars, and dusting powders. I was so by her powder demo that I bought some Candy Fluff dusting powder (another item that has since been discontinued. Vanilla Puff powder is a substitute).This store holds a special place in my heart because it was the first store I ever went to, and I will forever have memories of the staff that me, and every time I Peel Soap or SnowFairy Shower Gel I am reminded of that day :) [SEP]
1	$8 for a tiny sandwich with one egg, two strips of bacon, and a muffin. They say it's pricy because they get it local? It has to have substance to be considered anything. So whack. [SEP]
4	Consistanly steaks and flavor for sure. Today was our maybe 10th visit to Texas RH and we keep coming back. Today's waitress Stacie was an absolute DITZ and let's just say it's a thing I was in a mood. My Ribeye was as and tasty as I expect, wife tried the Ribs for the 1st time and they were for sure. Bring your appetite and some time (if you come Fri/Sat after 530) as I am sure you will as well! [SEP]
4	Only three stars? Wow--maybe it was the ambiance that overall here--I don't know. I actually didn't go here myself. It was my wife. She brought me home a cheese enchilada plate and it hit the spot--even lukewarm.All I know is that meal was as a leftover than a lot of the ones I've had at taquerias around the tri city area. Makes me how it would taste if it were and hot. . .Okay--challenge accepted. I'll let you know. [SEP]
1	I heard things about this place, and was looking forward to what the basement atmosphere would feel like, lowbrow, a little seedy, etc. Sadly, too many middle-aged men wearing flip flops out on a Friday night. Flip flops? UGH..in Winter? Also, our waiter SUCKED! He acted he had a night and was to suggest a beer, so I am sure he spit in my draft...Anyhoo, does not matter as I will not return. [SEP]
1	Place is alright but for the waitress, service and things sent over we didn't order. We sent them back but had additional items brought and not brought on the tab anyway. She said me that couldn't happen and to take it off. Waitress included autograt. I have been here a dozen times and never get service but myself. This time will be my last. [SEP]
4	Gotta get the wings! They'll make sure you know what you're getting into, but even if you haven't had them before, just play along. They're it. [SEP]
5	Yen has sushi. I would say that they have the sushi in AZ. You have to try it to see how it is. The service is and I feel I just stepped into Japan. The whole sushi experience is very and place to out with friends or take a date :DThere is only one thing I don't like. Sometimes it get's to busy so make sure to get there early (around 7 P.M) if you want to be seated away. [SEP]
1	The staff is friendly. But the physical hotel itself itself is comparable to a 2 star motel. The Holiday Express I stayed at is than this. Priceline me when I requested for a 4 star and indicated that this was a 4 star in name your own price.Cons:1) They have cactus in the parking lot where when I got home late, it was dark, lit lot, and opened my car door, step out of the car, and step on to cactus severely injuring my foot to where I can not walk anymore. Who puts low cactus in a dimly lit parking lot where when you get out of a car, someone can step on it? Being injured on vacation is no and very painful!2) hotel room and property is old, from the 1980s though the front desk boy told me that the rooms were newly renovated3) Given the previous reviews I asked for a room, but was given a room where the squeeking and thumping and wall shaking, woke me up at 5 in the morning. The neighbors flushing the toilet, showering, and running water can all be heard.4) the bathroom door is so jammed that it requires both hands, all of my body wait and a few minutes of wrestling with it to open/close it5) Requested a single bed, however upon arrival, was told that it would be 30/extra a night for a single bed instead of 2 doubles6) 80s style tube TV 7) pink 80s decor8) down bed with body in it9) wifi costs 9.99/for 24 hours even though its signal is only 1 bar10) AC blasts loudly on and off during the night11) curtains are cut half way so tons of light comes in to the room in the morning. pros: 1) location2) staff and says hi3) cleaning staff does a job [SEP]
5	Lives up to the local fuss. Quick, cheap, tasty and one of the few Mexican food restaurants that utilize yellow cheese, which is my cardinal rule of Mexican food. [SEP]
4	I tried Pork on a Fork at the ASU Tempe farmers market. Beef brisket and pulled pork sandwiches were sold there in a small tent.My sandwich (brisket) was very tasty, albeit a little plain (just meat and bread). There were three BBQ sauces - sweet/mild, tart, and spicy. I used a lot of all three, but spicy was the best. I felt I could drink those sauces!At $6-8, the sandwiches are a little pricey, but they are filling and taste excellent. It would be if they came with some corn, beans, or the to round out the meal. [SEP]
5	I've stayed at several hotels in the Hyatt Place chain and they are all great, but this one in particular stands out as having the friendliest, most staff. [SEP]
4	I know that Wal-Mart gets a rap at times, but I need to report how they were to me the other day. I went in there to buy some Christmas presents and found everything I needed and went to pay for everything. I apparently did not take everything off the kyosk of bags and left one package there. When I got home and these items were not in the back of my vehicle, I went back down there. They told me to just go and get two more pair of the item I was missing. I really felt they were so in doing that. you Wal-Mart. [SEP]
4	Thomas is spot on, hilarious. The first thing I thought when I first walked in this place was I'm feeling little. Big heavy pieces for sure, woods, carved, unique. You need a big space to show off this stuff. Lots of Mexicali knicker knackers. I still have a few pieces with me here in Hotlanta, but it doesn't quite fit anymore....Anyone want to buy it? Shipping is only $5,000.... [SEP]
1	I haven't yelped in about 2 months, and I was waiting for a place to either me or me. Well, this place was that bad. First impressions were all -- the outside bar was w/ views of downtown, and the fire pits were nice. No beers on tap though; and seriously, what's with the hip-hop club DJ at 7:00 pm? Come on guys, way too early for that.It wasn't too long before three of us were seated; and after about 10 minutes, our waitress came up and asked us whether we were to ... oh wait, that's right, no menus yet, job. O.k., so I ordered the Thai Spring rolls, which had a filling of lettuce, a single strip of carrot, and noodles. Seriously?! Main course, I ordered the curry, which turned out to be the curry in the world -- I don't even know if it was curry; it was more a bowl of thick, yellow soup, with a few pieces of chicken and a couple of vegetables tossed in. Yuck. And then they only gave me a tiny bowl of rice. I'm sorry, isn't it supposed to be the other way around? My friends completely agreed with how the place was (I think they had some sort of stir fry, which they said was and pointless).So yeah, I don't this place. Instead, head a block over to The Roosevelt for some beer on tap and some food. [SEP]
4	This place has a exterior and you definitely pay for the ambiance. Definitely a sit down with a napkin in your lap kinda place. I have tried the tikka masala, pakuras, vegetable korma, and naan. It's all very and the portion sizes are bigger than expected. Drawback: kinda pricey. Not a place for take-out. I ordered out for 3 and it cost $50!!! [SEP]
2	Ordered the mushroom burger, they put canned mushrooms on the burger. Gross! The patty melt was good. But it's really to up a patty melt. My salad had a in it.Service was nice. And they do have a yummy cider beer. [SEP]
5	Being a very experienced pho eater, I must say that the pho at the BlueMoon is excellent! That, plus the pho is 50% off, so that must have added to my utility. Veggies were and the service friendly. Oh, and the appetizer came out only a minute after ordering. Meal was and came out just as we finished the appetizer.Spent a total of $13.61 (including tax) for (2) large bowls of pho, a Thai ice tea and a order of spring rolls. Our bellies were stuffed and wallets intact.Will eat here again! [SEP]
5	their pizza!!!Very fresh. Their cannoli was really too.They seem to have selection of wines. [SEP]
4	This was my second time eating at Pappadeaux and I have to say that I was equally as the first time. The service was both times and the food is too! I had the Shrimp Etouffe the first time and it was an choice and the second time I had the shrimp with a side of the Seafood Gumbo. I really the shrimp but didn't really care for the Seafood Gumbo, it just totally below my expectations (it was and bland) but I was so with the rest of my food that it didn't take away from my overall experience. We also had the Crab Spinach Dip...yummy!! [SEP]
4	I had my first experience with Matt's this morning. A friend of mine had seen it on Diner's, Dives and Drive In's (or something along those lines) and was to try it out. The wait was about 20 minutes(arrived at 9 am) and seating is very but it!I'm all about the breakfast food so I was to try somewhere new. The menu is but covers all bases. The coffee (a special blend just for them) is local as is everything that they serve. I swear the bacon tastes when it's from around the corner.I decided on the belgian waffle and a side of hash browns. YUMMY!! I the note on the menu that they only use butter and extra virgin olive oil... No trans fats here! The hash browns were a bit oily but tasty overall.As I was leaving I saw a huge stack of pancakes on their way to a table... I know what I'm getting next time!! [SEP]
5	Beaver Choice is an place which I have had the chance to visit three or four times. This is about as home-cooked as you can get in a restaurant. It's eating at Mom's house, if Mom happens to be Swedish.I've had a few of the entrees -- schnitzel cordon bleu, pork medallions, seared gravlax -- and all were delicious. Especially the gravlax.The sides are also great, and you usually get three per meal.The poutine is perhaps not as as what you'd get in Quebec, but it's easily the I've had in Arizona. The fact that they even have poutine this place a few points.I have also had the opportunity to try their dessert specialty, the Beaver Supreme. This of chocolate, meringue, cream, mandarin orange, and possibly a few other things, is the sort of thing which you set out intending to only eat half in the first sitting, but ultimately find your will diminished, invariably resulting in an empty dish and a of the onset of diabetes.Also, it seems one gentleman gave this place low marks for the long preparation time on a chicken wrap. I just have to ask, why would anyone go to a Scandinavian restaurant and order a chicken wrap? Can you imagine what would happen if you wander into a Viking camp and order a chicken wrap? Your head would be off before you could recite one Odinian incantation. [SEP]
4	to the funkiest place in Goodyear. If you've been craving sheet-metal winged but regretting that Creek is practically a day trip from the west valley, you may feel tempted to on the floor and tears of joy.This Armadillo provides circuit training for working off breakfast at the Black Bear Diner, including a loft with moderately stairs. its cousin up toward Metro Center, it's an antique mall in the sense of focusing mostly on vintage items and less uncommon antiques, plus a smattering of collectibles. This is the kind of antique mall I prefer, since it really functions as a sort of fantasy department store for shoppers who have a middle-of-the-road budget but whimsical or retro tastes.Like the other Armadillo, stock here runs somewhat more to the frilly and ornate than to the mid-century modern, but it's not a total lock-out of swellness in of sweetness. Unlike the other one, there's a larger of dealers who aren't typical antique-mall fare: things reproduction hardware, the aforementioned sheet-metal winged-pigs, repro tin signs, garden ornaments made from vintage dishes. This isn't my cuppa, but in context, it provides variety, and it fills booths (there are more empty booths here, but it's still new).A number of dealers seem to actually be replicated here, including the scrapbook store. Also replicated is the professionalism of the operation: restrooms, occasional seating areas, check-out, and snacks. When you're hiking a layout this big, these things come to matter. [SEP]
4	sliders, come on all you can eat night! Bakery is awesome, ribs are ok, breakfast on your bday! No clue how adam richman did the slider challenge, I wanted to after 10. [SEP]
4	I really this place for a relaxing dinner. They really know how to do a salad and it's a plus when it's half off bottles of wine night. [SEP]
2	I have gone here quite a few times. I having a diner close by for breakfast and newspaper reading. But this one is always short staffed. And there doesn't seem to be much management around to things out. Food is usually but staff always seems stressed out. May be due to serving hoards of tipping elderly. [SEP]
1	I was not impressed. The food was & expensive. The wait is ridiculous. Don't go. [SEP]
1	This was the camera/photography store in the valley. It has now been re-imagined and renamed as Photomart upon its move to Scottsdale. I recently visited the new location...and I was shocked! The store was extremely small, had very little to sell (I didn't even see a camera on display). They did carry some glass...but mostly a very small selection of accessories. I didn't even recognize any of the former employees. I all the former Photomark customers to visit Photomart. I'm sure you will leave disappointed. Two thumbs down to this lemon! [SEP]
5	Always a healthy, meal. One of my favorites is the hummus and grilled chicken appetizer(which is gynormous) and I have them add in some tabbouleh, then cucumbers on the side. Perfection. All the pitas, and the seasonal specials are always good. Wine is also if the mood strikes. Otherwise, casual lunch and dinner spot that is extremely in price for the quality of food you are getting. There is something for everyone here, veggies, kids, etc. If I ever moved from AZ, this is the first place I would come visit upon my return. Parking can get hairy at the Arcadia location, and one time someone actually backed into my car when I was legally parked along a curb but that is hardly Pita Jungle's fault. The douche didn't even leave a note - but I digress and karma is real and nothing would keep me from coming back to Pita! [SEP]
4	Met a friend here for lunch & had a experience. I've been meaning to get here for a while, having heard things. didn't get to sample the wine menu. But the lunch offerings were - turkey sandwich was very flavorful with its crumbled goat cheese, vinaigrette, and fig on 9-grain bread. Such a large sandwich runs the of being dry, but no here. My friend got to the sausage mac & cheese; I was tempted by some of the other versions on the menu - next time for sure. Also, the place wasn't too for lunch - no getting a table or parking. [SEP]
1	It's a concept if the owners / mismanagement had to keep a or atmosphere. As it is save your money get food - McDonald's has less grease. We had to ask for plates for the appetizer platter (it is meant to be shared) so the handed my daughter 4 paper plates. My salad wasn't a salad it was a paper plate of mixed greens - really no tomatoes, nothing on it or in it other than lettuce and she threw a packet of Newmans Dressing on the table just the ones you get at Burger King or McDonald's. My steak - it was OK - I asked for medium and got medium and that was the part of it. The steak is served on a paper plate and when I asked about utensils I was directed to go get my own from around the corner - yup plastic ware for a steak on a paper plate.My daughter had a burger and it was so the bun turned soggy brown part way through then completely apart.Service? let's just this place is 100% do it yourself then it would be OK. The waitress walked away before my daughter finished her order. Never came back and asked how things were, nothing. Really if we were the kind to dine & dash it wouldn't have been a because she wouldn't have known we were gone. My daughter actually had to go find the server and ask for the bill!!!!What me is the employees exude an I don't care attitude which is also obvious in their actions (or of actions) and the message I got was the owner / mis-management has accepted this service because it's obvious by how the place is run that it's OK with them.It could be but they would need to make a lot of changes - job 1 fire everyone & start over. If I could have given them 1/2 a star I would have - we won't be going back. [SEP]
5	samples? One dollar churros? buys? Why not. [SEP]
3	Its to find one-of-a-kind places -- God knows Phoenix needs more of them to inject personality into this generic, strip-mall, chains-on-every-corner valley. Finding this unique sandwich shop, which is in a house that has been transformed into a restaurant, is indeed a find. The real estate is limited, so parking is and circles around the back of the building.The dining area is mainly indoors, but there is also a small patio facing the back portion of the parking lot, which is not very scenic. Inside there is art on the wall that can be purchased.They serve wraps, bowls and salads. The food has been good, although it did not my socks off. I ordered the Baja Bowl, which is described on their online menu as Southwestern chicken atop garlic rice, black beans, Monterey jack cheese and topped with lime cream and pico de gallo. It was OK, but the chicken was dry and cut in large chunks. It could have possibly been microwaved -- not sure, but there were no southwest flavors to speak of. I have done a job of cooking chicken on my George Foreman grill at home. Perhaps the garlic rice would have with the flavor, but I had substituted the rice with organic brown rice which did little to add flavor. cream was not lime. There was a small slice of lime served on the edge of the bowl. I would not ordering this again -- especially if I have a craving for some southwest food.On another recent visit I ordered a wrap called Prince of Thai's - Spicy peanut chicken with baby spinach, garlic rice, ginger slaw, cucumber pico and red onion wrapped in a spinach tortilla. That had flavor than the baja bowl. Vegetable ingredients were and good. Again, I was not very with the chicken chunks.One thing I think That's A Wrap needs to address is the use of styrafoam cups. Afterall their slogan is Food for a Hungry Planet and they have a link for a new restaurant Green for Vegan food on their website. For such an artsy, earthy place, I would have thought That's A Wrap would have made more conscious, earth-friendly choices. For that reason and the chicken, I give them an average rating only. [SEP]
4	I really wish that I lived closer to one of the Crackers locations, because their breakfast menu rocks! After a field trip to IKEA with my mom and sister we decided to grab a bite to eat, I knew that Crackers had recently opened nearby, so we stopped by. The inside is very cute, feels you are in someones country home. The menu has a huge of breakfast dishes, sandwiches, salads and soups. On weekends, they serve breakfast all day! I got the Carnitas breakfast skillet, and let me just say, they seriously have some of the carnitas in town, no joke! The pork was so tender; covered with jack cheese on a bed of potatoes, heaven! My sister got the BLT, and they were not on the bacon! I have had some of their soups before, and let's just say, the Cream of Spinach & Artichoke is in a bowl! So rich, and creamy, it is eating dip without the chips! They are only open until 2:00, but it is spot to grab a bite to eat for breakfast or lunch! [SEP]
4	First time here and it was really good. I ordered the bobbie sandwich since I hear everyone about it. It was ok. Not my favorite. Place is really and wasn't busy at all for lunch around 1130. I going to a place where I can get in and get out. Staff was really friendly. They gave me this card.. buy 10 get the 11th free. Very nice. About the same prices as subway so I wasn't upset. Plus the sizes of food are definitely moneys worth. At least I think. For anyone in the Chandler area, this is definitely a place to stop in and try. [SEP]
3	Some friends came in so a group of 6 of us went here. little place with atmosphere, basic and cozy. Wines by the glass were good. The bread was a bit but still decent. We ordered a of things. The antipasto plate was with several typical items. My tomato sausage pizza was good, not great. Needs some spice and flavor. The halibut over sundried tomato basil risotto with aspargus was very but the halibut was a little over cooked. Otherwise, most everybody the food. One person ordered a dish and asked for a little spice but it was way too spicy and they basically couldn't eat it. Her husband ate it the next day because he could handle the spice but seriously it was way too spicy for most people. Not a place, would probably go back but won't drive out of the way as the location is a little out there. [SEP]
3	We stayed for three nights while visiting family for the holidays.Good:Very bedCleanFunky/cool decor which is uniqueVery and staffFair priceGreat locationNot so good:Pricey overnight parking that was a surprise upon check inNo coffee maker in room; this is standard for most hotels. We had to either go to the lobby for $4.50 per cup or drive off site. On our final morning before leaving (2 1/2 hours before checkout) with our do not sign duly mounted on the outside of our door, we were by a rap-rap-rap-rap of who I assume was the cleaner. WTF! [SEP]
1	Let me first say that we are of the W Hotel and have stayed in many of their hotels around the nation and are overall with the accommodations and customer service. I'm a local Phoenician who resides in the Arcadia neighborhood and frequents many of the restaurants and hotels this City has to offer. After hearing MANY reviews from co-workers, family, and friends, my fiancé and I decided to give the W Hotel Scottsdale a shot prior to forming an opinion of our own for this hotel/restaurant/bar.During a night out on the town with visiting and local friends, we opted to give this place a try. Upon approaching the entrance of the bar, security tells us that we're not here due to one of the members of our party not having closed toe shoes and another not having a collared shirt. The attire our group was wearing was more than for any Phoenix/Scottsdale restaurant/bar. Let me remind you that's is July in Phoenix, and over one-hundred degrees at the time of night we went to the W and the six of us just finished a dinner at an adjacent, restaurant. The staff was flat out to not only us, but others in line wanting and to spend money and the local hotel.I will strongly suggest not staying here or the quality of business they are running here. During a time of a slowing economy and tourism, many businesses are forced to rely solely on the possible customer service to attract and retain business--the W Hotel way short of this.I was very discouraged after our experience here and will agree with the many other reviewers that this place in not supporting. Phoenix/Scottsdale has many places to experience, so don't settle for this place. [SEP]
1	enchiladas EVER and decor from a 1980's attempt at a mexican restaurant. Taco Bell is a step up! But if you soupy enchiladas in cheez wiz this is the place for you. [SEP]
4	Food was good, service was great! If I didn't eat at Chili's so much inn the past, I would definitely go back, but since coming back to the US, many more other restaurants to try..... [SEP]
4	This was the launch of our Seven Summits of Phoenix mountaineering adventure. Our goal is to reach all of the seven summits by the end of April and we are off to a start. Although it took us two attempts (two separate visits) to reach the summit, we did it with a few and plenty of gasping along the way on New Years day. It was our way of starting the New Year on the more active side of things. This hike really gave us a out with the steeper parts of the path allowing for a sweat. The trail is a continuous climb with a few resting spots and with plenty of photo ops to the summit. It does get and parking can be an on the weekends after the early hours. There are picnic tables, ramadas, restrooms and of course a 360-degreee view once you reach the summit. [SEP]
4	Went to Sticklers for the first time today, with a friend who across the street. I'm a little leary of places that get talked up so much, but Sticklers was everything she talked about and more. A family friend once told me that the way to tell a restaurant is how busy it is. Seems common sense now, but how many times have you walked into a restaurant with less than 10 people in the whole place and then walked away disappointed?Well Sticklers was packed. My first impression was Crap, the line is 20 people deep and we only have 40 minutes for lunch...there's no way! I was surprised when we got through the entire line, food in hand, in about 5! The guys and gals that there are and have it down. And they showed some for a newbie.The chicken salad and provolone sandwich was and the peppers gave it a kick. Word of to the lactose intolerant - it's a 2-piller! The atmosphere was active and but not overly loud. We were still able to have a conversation without shouting. I just wished the people at the next table realized that. We didn't need to hear about their daughter accused of DUI...for the third time! [SEP]
3	The place was empty - even for an off night. The service was decent, but I said - it was empty. I've been in here a few times, but never when it's busy. The prices don't me, but I'd say you get a pour for the money. One thing I'd to point out - a 1.5L bottle of Dom is less than 1000 bucks, but a 3.0L bottle of Dom is 3500. If you're a idiot, get the 3L. If you're a shopper, you'll get two 1.5L bottles or else just by the glass - which out even cheaper. Just so you know, it the opposite way Costco does. If you're getting a big ass bottle of Dom anyway, you probably don't care.The decor is red. It's very in here at night... and loungy rather than clubby. Similar to Merc Bar, but not as hip or hidden... even though they try to hide it with curtains. It's also in here... to have conversations. With the patio door open, you're going to cigarettes people are smoking outside if you're sitting at the bar or on the couch adjacent to there. It's a bar, but I don't know that I'd single it out as a place to be. I actually think the Mondrian is - but that's based entirely on memories that are completely unrelated to the place and have more to do with the people I was with at the time. If someone and hip was here from out of town looking to party, the Mondrian is one of a handful of hotels I'd suggest. Not so much because of Red Bar, but more because it's located within stumbling home distance to so many other bars in Downtown. [SEP]
4	Canal has been a stop on many a bar tour through the Waterfront / Old Town area. The bar always has a crowd in the evenings and the patio is on nights. With summer finally clearing out and it now being possible to sit outside during the daylight hours, we made our way to Canal for some late lunch / day drinking on a recent Sunday.First off, what a place to sit and people watch! This was the first time we had ever ordered food at Canal, so we were interested to see if the cuisine lived up to the hip decor and vibe of the restaurant. The baby burgers (3 of them) were served up on an English High Tea tray. presentation, and the actual taste of those little guys didn't disappoint.....ahi tuna / fillet mignon / ground chicken. The fillet was my favorite. What can I say? I red meat!We also had the fish tacos.....delicious! A experience, all around. We're definitely looking forward to getting back here for dinner soon. [SEP]
5	I now consider myself an Arizonian. If you drive a lot on the 101 or 51 I do, you'll get your share of chips on your windshield. You'll also have to replace a windshield I had to do just recently. Apparently, chips and cracking windshields is common in Arizona. In fact, I seem to recall my insurance agent telling me that insurance companies must provide this coverage in Arizona.I had a chip repaired about a year ago near the very bottom of the windshield. Just recently a small, very started traveling north on the windshield from the repaired chip (a different vendor repaired the chip). I called these guys over to my house and they said it was too long to fix, so they replaced the whole windshield the next day.What service, they come out to your residence or place of business to repair or replace your windshield. [SEP]
3	The first thing I about Rula Bula is its ability to attract customers while keeping a low profile. No flashing lights, no 400 pound bouncers with stares, and no promotional cards being shoved in my face from down the street.I walked in and what I saw. It has an old school feel to it. There was a live band doing some Lady Gaga covers, and it sounded karaoke. I wasn't impressed, so I ordered my Jameson (reasonably priced) and walked out to the patio.It was a patio, with a DJ in the corner. It had a different feel to it, and I how laid back it was. But it felt something was missing. I waltzed back inside, admired a much cover (of Micheal Jackson) and realized the one thing I couldn't find here. FUN.To a west-sider myself, Tempe is the Mecca of mischief, a place where I can have one too many and back home with a story to tell. There was a dance floor, but no one was dancing. There were tons of people, but every group kept to themselves. Even though I don't go to bars to meet women, there was a of ones in here. It's everyone who was too old or uncool to go elsewhere came to have a Guinness in peace.I came here expecting a bar that wasn't a club, and instead of getting a medium I ended up with a dive. Don't get me wrong, I dive bars, but I don't go to Mill Ave for them. Rula is a place with history. I can't on it. I the interior, and I could see myself coming back during the day. It's just not going out of my way on a Saturday night. [SEP]
5	I everything at Market bistro, but I especially the salads. I always get the create your own with their homemade and buttermilk Caesar dressing on the side. That dressing is totally addictive! The other thing I would is the Market pizza with goat cheese, artichoke hearts, oven roasted tomato, baby spinach, mozzarella, parmesan and basil pesto sauce. It is probably my vegetarian pizza. You can get it by the slice at lunch, but have to order a whole pizza for dinner.I've had the corn chowder with poblano chiles soup and it was great. I've not tried the roasted garlic tomato soup but my friend it. Had a sandwich here once, with tri-tip with caramelized onions, but it doesn't seem to match the description of the ones currently on the menu. The only thing I haven't so far is their Margherita pizza.Everyone here is always and friendly. I that it's family-owned and still doing to open another location. They now have online ordering, which I can't wait to try! [SEP]
5	This place far my expectations and is far than staying at a Hilton Garden Inn or Hampton Inn. This place is QUIET, and for the money, you can't beat this place. It includes a breakfast each day which means real eggs and hash browns served to you at a sit down cafe. This alone saves about $10 per person per day while traveling!This place has THREE pools (nice if you don't want to out near the bar), basketball court, laundry facilities, restaurant, plenty of parking, wi-fi, full kitchen, housekeeping service (they cleaned our dishes!), and a very front desk staff.The only were the lighting and not wastebaskets or tissue boxes. But for the and quiet, I'll take that trade-off anyday!! This place would be for hosting reunions because of the pools, basketball courts and several sets of bbq's on central courtyards.If you are looking for a place, this isn't it. But it is an bargain, comfortable, and very quiet. [SEP]
5	Always and prepared. This is the only place my husband will take Japanese visitors from out of town. said. [SEP]
5	this place. Everyone is fantastic. The girls up front can be spacey at times but their system is and the email reminders are perfect. [SEP]
5	We were in town on Business and and had a chance to visit Aiello's with our Children, 10 and 7. What a TREMENDOUS experience it was overall and then to it all off, a chance to dinner on the house via drawing a number out of a bucket, was simply superb. We didn't but will definitely come back next time we are in town as the food, staff, and overall dining experience was unbeatable! [SEP]
2	I'm from Philly and had to stop in when I found out a Rita's was open.It wasn't exactly what I had remembered, Flavor was just OK and not as intense. Not bad, but not great.I Repicci's Italian Ice. They don't have their own store, but it's carried at Cookiez on Mill in Tempe and also they are at a lot of festivals in the valley. You can also find quarts and pints at AJ's markets.Just there are finally some Italian Ice options for us East Coast folks out here in AZ! [SEP]
5	We went to check out PNP for their 2 Year Anniversary show and were extremely impressed! Space 55 is the most space that I never would've known existed had it not been for this show being promoted on Yelp! The actors were and we really were in the entire time we watched this 30 minute film being created in front of us! I'd heard of Comedy Improv, but Movie Improv? I had no clue... Special shout outs to Mark J and Jenn H (our very own Phoenix yelpers) who did an job on Saturday night. Congrats again, PNP, on your 2 year anniversary! I look forward to attending future performances for sure! [SEP]
3	The veg burger is - make sure you ask to try all the different aioli sauces especially with the tots! [SEP]
4	Last Saturday night I got my skate on.... (Before going out to in more adult times) I had a blast and have decided that next time I go, EVERYONE I know is going with me. YES, that means YOU!My date picked me up around 9ish and immediately made reference to the size of my huevos for wearing a red rag into the 623. (Like anyone's going to believe a 32 yr old white girl at a skating rink is a gang banger). He was joking obviously.... called me 2Pac all night...it was cute, whatever.Upon arrival I noticed that indeed, it is street in there. No biggie, I grew up in Tucson where our skate rink was filled with cholos and meth heads. I don't judge, I high five.One thing was annoying... .75cents for a locker, and only half of them worked. The .75 thing didn't me, the fact that they weren't marked so you just kept throwing more quarters in there and hoping for the best, did. We strapped on our skates and took off. I haven't been in many years so it took me a few minutes to get comfortable. I can proudly say that I only once and it wasn't my fault..... what I can not proudly say is that I ended up on of a 13yr old boy ...and from the very OWWWUCH that came out of him I'm sure I punched him in the balls. The look on his face was sheer horror. (I still can't stop laughing about it). My date was on his feet..... I half expected people to profess undying to him and call out his name as we left. (one dood kinda did)All in all, one of the most filled evenings that I've had in a long time. Skate!! [SEP]
4	Went and got some Boba today. Mango and Strawberry Banana. Guy behind the counter is very welcoming and friendly. :)My choice place for quick to go Boba. [SEP]
5	WOW!!! practically half price on everything compared to the chain stores. Staff is always very and helpful, and i've literally saved hundreds of dollars since I discovered this store just under a year ago! [SEP]
3	Chain restaurant that's just about okay for afternoon dining with friends. If I wasn't having beer at lunch I'd probably suggest eating someplace else. Food is but in my experience their beer makes the meal. I've eaten here about half a dozen times during the past few years when in town for business weekends.It is centrally located on the corner of Mill and Fifth Street in downtown Tempe, amongst quite a few other local restaurants. During my most recent visit I ordered a steak at lunch along with one of the seasonal brewed beers. Steak was okay but I wouldn't order it again. Beer was exceptional, so I wasn't overall.I burgers and I think I'll stick to that as my primary choice when eating here in the future. I can't think of any times when service was particularly unsatisfactory, nor were there times when service really stood out as exceptional. I have almost always eaten here on a Saturday afternoon, and it's typically been busy during the lunch hour. Never had a getting a table, which is since I'm usually heading back for an afternoon conference session.I the big glass beer mugs (not sure what size they are) but I can't always down the whole thing during a short lunch (I'm a lightweight).Overall, place to eat if you're hungry and in the downtown area, but I wouldn't go out of my way to get here. [SEP]
4	Very and had kind of a spice to it but good. The pork itself wasn't my but it was good. The rice was very sticky. I had to get it to go so I out on a lot that the food specials have to offer. But I would def go again. [SEP]
5	YIKES!! Its a thing that this place it a far drive for me - cuz it could spell trouble. If you ever have a craving for a real and want to really 'enjoy a moment'.....try one of their coconut, or chocolate cupcakes. Honestly I didnt care how many calories are in them....I was in the knees. There is standing room only in this shop - literally I think my bathroom is bigger -but a big thumbs up for the cupcakes, and on their packaging!!. (its definitely built into the pricing!) [SEP]
4	Finally, a Asian fusion restaurant. The service was friendly. They even got me Yoo-zu tea because they didn't have honey. Server was also and gave us about the amount and food choices because we asked - very professional. Now, the food...- spicy wontons: mmmm deliciously to and i absolutely that wasabi sauce- shumai: ehhh..though a lot of people on yelp it, the skin was a little for me- sesame tofu: little deep friend tofu cubes- shabu style miso with shrip: light soup, definitely a must try- red thai curry: omygosh, that almost took off my tastebuds..i wouldn't it unless you spicy beyond jalapenosOverall, a experience, food, ambiance. Oh, everything tasted non-greasy and rather - a rare treat. :) [SEP]
4	We've eaten at Taneko twice now, and while we it, it's for what you get, and I a more Japanese environment.Taneko starts off wanting to be a Japanese-style pub restaurant, but ends up throwing way too much Scottsdale into it creating a rather yet still yummy restaurant.The food is - I the pork meal that has the spicy mustard sauce. My kid the rice, though it is a little too much on the ginger side. There's a hot-rock appetizer where you cook pieces of steak on a rock. It's way too for what little meat you get, but it's an lot of fun.The service is as well, though maybe a little too servile for my tastes. The wait staff go WAY out of their way to make you and quickly take care of any needs. I just don't care for all of the introductions - I'm not going to remember the names of the 4 or 5 people bringing me stuff. Still, I think that's the Scottsdale influence. Not bad, but not really my thing.Overall, I've both of the meals that I ate at Taneko, but with places to eat real Japanese food Yasu, Sea Saw, Hiro's and even Sakana, I'm probably not going back real soon. [SEP]
5	I have to say I am not a big Valentine's fan. I don't holiday's. We ended up by chance going to MiMi's for Valentine's Day and they had a menu and price for that menu for the evening. I am just by their service, portion size and just the overall experience. I just this place. [SEP]
1	My part Jewish friend has been about this deli so come payday we went to check it out. Ive been in Phoenix a little over a month and have been getting from the food here...diarrhea lots, my pants once... anyway, i to eat in divey non-american cuisine. This place aint for me, I suppose.I did not get ill from the food hereHowever.... $12.95 for a sandwich, fries, and a dollop of soggy coleslaw ???I kept hearing from my friend, his mom and the waitress that the sandys are HUGE.nope.Thought we might one.nope.My sandwich was flavorless..err..thats a lie.. it tasted bread.$29.98 for 2 sandwiches and 2 sodas (its an effin sandwich!!!). I only had $40 (only ?)Left the waitress $5.Gave my friend the other $5 to put toward a plane ticket to New York where he might experience Kosher (and a bit of his heritage) on a more scale...the fries were tho. [SEP]
4	I went here with my mom while my dad had a dinner meeting. The atmosphere is hip but it's also got a setting. It is a really place for young adults and even older ones. The price was good, the food was amazing! The portions were also big and MOST the staff was friendly. I overheard two staff members making of the customers. However they might not even there anymore. place! [SEP]
5	Habaneros is an little in the strip mall known as Scottsdale. If you are one looking for an original meal at a price, try out Habaneros. I am to their chipotle sauce. You can find it in almost every item there. Try out the Shrimp or Fish tacos, they are delicious. Sometimes the food takes a little while to cook (and there could be a line). So be prepared if you are going there on your lunch break. The salsa is not as spicy as I would like, but I am hairs at this point.Go try Habaneros, you wont be disappointed. Its a change from every unoriginal, corporate restaurant you find in Scottsdale. [SEP]
1	I went here because all my friends were peeing their pants about how it is. Wrong. The (perhaps retarted) staff with no customer service, alongside the barely tasting pizza both contributed to my for this eatery. it...stick to Slices. [SEP]
4	I've eaten a huge percentage of the food on Green's menu and I it all. If nothing else, come here to try the Soynami's (vegan Blizzards). I'm not a fan of rice or soy ice cream but this stuff is good.The bowl meals are packed with vegetables. I mostly eat whole foods and don't consider the meats to be especially healthful, but I to eat the meat here once in a while for the texture. It's so good. It's not exactly the real thing, but it doesn't need to be. It's as it is. There is always a huge of people eating here all the time. It's always packed, always to get a table. for Green Restaurant!Atmosphere: The restaurant is made with green materials. Every time we go they are showing the of a different artist. It's college-indie and casual.The employees don't act enthusiastic, but they're and and do a job. I the of whoever it is that writes up the food specials on the chalkboard. BTW, you can get vegan whipped cream here and it's SO GOOD! :) [SEP]
2	This might be a way to time if you're near the airport, the food really wasn't that great. It tasted and it had been sitting there for a very long time. I had the caldo 7 mares and it was lukewarm, wayyy too salty, and the shrimp were mushy. It was gross. The carne asada tacos were mostly gristle, and I couldn't really taste my enchilidas with the thick blanket of cream over them. For $20, I could've gotten much Mexican food somewhere else. [SEP]
4	I am always in search of food fast...not food! I think Jimmy John's knows what they are doing, and should continue to out those sandwiches, FAST.I that I can much know, I will a) Not wait in line and b) be in and out in 2 to 5 minutes flat! yeah! And get a very tasty filling sub.I the Lulu, it is very good, and has tons of meat.Oh, don't your earned money on the Avocado. This is my only about Jimmy John's, they have pureed avocado and just spread it on it is mayo, only they don't put much on. I think it is a of money.This is my go to lunch place when I am in a hurry! [SEP]
5	I this place. food at prices with service in a atmosphere. variety, spices, presentation, menu. Every entree gets a cornbread dish skillet to nibble on. I think I would everything on the menu. Can't wait to go back and try them all. It!! [SEP]
4	This place is if you are looking for something and are in Scottsdale. I had the tin roof sundae and it was out of this world. I and salty together. Sugar Bowl is also open late so its a place to go if you are hungry or or have the muchies and need something to eat. The service, however, is a little and I would never dream of going during normal hours (I have been late at night) with the amount of kids that are probably there! [SEP]
5	I have to give them a 5 for their Guacamole and chips.I am just in with it.Everytime I go to the US, I have to go there.Cheap, tasty and I the salad bowl option they have (as I cannot eat wheat flour).The meat is always tasty and and again .....their guacamole ....the !!!!Always and with staff.Healthy food .....Just wish that we had it in Canada !! [SEP]
2	I had high hopes for the Habit since I live only a couple miles away, but it was mostly for me. I'm vegetarian, so I have no idea how their meat burgers taste, and they may be the in the world for all I know, but the veggie burger was a tasteless lump for the most part. I do give them for having a veggie burger, but either put more effort into it, or take it off the menu and go full-on meat!The service was nice, and I the design of the place, but there are too many veggie burgers to be had in the Valley to my time eating this one. Parking lot is super-cramped, so if you need your meatburger fix, then don't come at 12 or 6, unless you want to park in someone's yard. [SEP]
4	So, I avoided this place the for the longest time. No reason really, it just never caught my attention. It always seemed to be empty, which me to believe it must not be that great. Well, don't judge a book until you walk in and try the spaghetti! The Bollo Neapolitan has been my pasta so far and the steak sandwich is to for. I'm telling you- I never order steak sandwiches and I in love! I've tried a few of the other pastas and they were ok, but the Bollo Neapolitan was my with the runner up being the Garlic Shrimp Pasta.Now for the Negatives. The chicken on the pasta just never really tastes to me. I don't know what it is, but it has a very gamey taste. The dishes I've tried without chicken have been far in my view. Finally, I've never seen this place packed. That can be a or a depending on my mood, but I would to see a few more patrons. So, if you don't want to wait in line at the other Italian joint in the AMC 30 (Macaroni Grill) or are looking for a non chain option, check out Neapolitan! The service has always been too.Bottom Line: I'm to finally have a Italian choice when going to the movies at AMC 30. [SEP]
4	I RA! They have a selection of sushi. Go for Hour. Its only a couple of hours, but you really get some items for cheap. You can even get a large Asahi for about $5! [SEP]
3	Wowza! This place is a total trip! No, I don't smoke, but if I did this place is probably the place I would go to. First off, the food was okay. I ordered some chicken wings, which wasn't really that great. My was the Thai Curry -- it definitely had some pop to it. It's one of those that up on you. Milk please! My friend ordered some Sake that I thought was real and -- don't ask me what it was, the lighting was low and I didn't care much by the time I arrived.Service was I guess, and then again the place was drop for a Friday night. What's up with that!? I'm sure the place gets hopping on 1st Friday, but that's only one day out of the month -- I sure it picks up quick!Ambience, was cool, just reminded me of the 70's in a way even though I didn't grow up during the 70's haha, but I thought the design and decor were cool. I think was the word I used. Bathroom was blue and that's all I'll say.......check it out! - Enjoy! [SEP]
5	and delicious. [SEP]
5	My boss took us here for a little Holiday lunch the other day and i have been dreaming about the burger ever since! Seriously, the term cheeseburger doesn't even to justice to the they brought me! And the parmesan and truffle oil fries were amazing, too! The decor is kind of cool, sort of an American Teddy Roosevelt feel... old pictures, deer head, and wood mixed with high ceilings and light colors so it doesn't feel all heavy. Ok, back to the food... The burger has applewood smoked bacon and grilled onions mixed into the patty. It is juicy without being greasy! They it with Havarti cheese, place it on a buttered grilled brioche bun, and serve it with a couple of different sauces... One was a garlic butter type of sauce and the other was a horseradish mayo. I ate every single bite and didn't care that i was stuffed to the gills or looked a in front of my co-workers! To leave any bit of that on the plate would have been a travesty! I can't wait to take hubby here for lunch (dinner would be wayyyyyyy too expensive). [SEP]
2	Glorified panda expressWith that generalization aside I was to give ol PF Changs another try when they served me a steamed shanghai shrimp dish that was of flavorThinking less flavor meant a healthier meal I alas was given a reminder of how this place sodium bombs there dishes when I read the nutritional info 'tear [SEP]
1	Gross, plain and simple! I'll crave some quick Chinese Food and then I'm always upset. What a of money! [SEP]
2	Other than the ambiance of being a Rock & Roll restauarnt, this place isn't good. The food sucks.I came in for a birthday party with 6 people, and not one of us actually our food. We had called ahead (2 weeks) to reserve a table before a game. When we got there, the table had not even been set up. We were 20 minutes later than planned getting to our table, and we 1 entire 1st inning and the of the 2nd because it took so long to get our food. [SEP]
4	My roommate and I stopped by here on a Saturday night with my groupon to see how this Fuego is holding up. I've been to Fuego Bistro before, and it was amazing, so this one at CityScape had a lot to live up to.I'd say this place gets less than 5 stars based on atmosphere. The place kind of feels a cafeteria and the vibe from the entire patron situation is just bleh. The part about the atmosphere was my own company and that of our server, Brandon, who was really and chatty.Also, while my roommate got the Chile Relleno, which was okay in my opinion, I had the Fuego Tacos with pernil (which apparently is pork), and they were delicious. I absolutely and devoured them. Some other key points: The drinks were very tasty and parking is very easy. We parked at a meter (which is after 5p), and I'm told they can validate the parking ticket for the underground parking.Overall, I'd come back here. I wouldn't go here for a date or if looking for something fancy, but definitely for a tasty dinner with service. [SEP]
5	What a way to spend Easter morning!After taking part in the egg hunt on the main grounds (and BTW, they know how to do it here: Massive of eggs full of goodies. More than the kids could carry. Plenty of photo ops. Parents who weren't acting out scenes from Soylent Green.) we made our way to this coffee shop/casual dining spot. We were seated 30 minutes ahead of our reservation, keeping my little guy from popping a gasket. I chose the $19 breakfast buffet, and considering it included a custom-made omelette with organic ingredients--as as juice and coffee--it was a steal. Service was and the staff was sure to make us feel at home. Well, actually than home because I don't have people looking after my every whim and need while at home. [SEP]
1	Simply stated..............a burger from start to finish..NOT 4 me....This place I will avoid while I continue on to a real burger joint.!! [SEP]
1	I'm very with the service I receive from the Republican party in Arizona. First, they provide us with John McCain. Then, Jan Brewer. Then they SB 1070 all over us, which we didn't even vote on. I've never received anything but politics from these people. [SEP]
2	Pastrami tasted good, but had a lot of tissue, and was near to bite through. Rye bread was low-quality.Curly fries were tasty.Cole slaw was yummy! Really the highlight of the meal.Lemon bar was delicious, if a bit subdued. (I the to pucker my face)The brownie was and chocolatey, but too many nuts.Probably my only visit, unless someone invites me. [SEP]
2	I've been to Buffalo Wings before, but my first visit at this location was during UFC 117.If you come here to watch fighting events UFC I would arriving 2 hours before the main card starts if you want a seat inside. I arrived an hour before the PPV portion of the fight started and didn't get a seat until half an hour in and it was outside. I ordered 12 regular wings and I was very underwhelmed. I felt the wings were because they are smaller than average.The main reason why I went here was that they weren't charging a cover or bill minimum for the fight. Also, the atmosphere for a UFC fight was really compared to the other BWW I went to in Tucson.If you want a place with a atmosphere for a sporting event, you should come to BWW. But your food expectations should be lowered a lot. [SEP]
3	I went in yesterday for hour to have a birthday drink. I had the house margarita for $5.75. Actually I had two! They were good. I think I the bartender when I question him why his $7.25 Margarita he was pushing was supposedly so awesome. He claimed Cruz a local Tequila was the reason. I argued just because it's local doesn't make it good. LOL. The house Rita stands up alone, as a traditional Rita on the rocks. Don't buy the hype, as I saw half the crowd not question it and accept the one on special as the way to go. The place was busy. They were also hosting a MBA networking mixer just off the main bar. In addition to discounted beer at hour they also offered food! I thought those days were gone but they kept a supply of chips, salsa, veggie tray, pinwheel wraps and one or two Mexican items (mini chimis, and bean & cheese nachos) coming. I was going to order a half price appetizer as part of my hour, but I went for the food and was just fine. My sampling of the appetizers makes me how the menu was, so I peeked at it. It looks basic but tasty. I think everything was $12 or less on the dinner menu. According to the sign outside lunch starts at $5.99. It may be commercialized Mexican food but it's a step up from some places Taco Bell and Baja Express for certain.The staff seemed competent and to rather together. Even though it was busy the staff was and quick to serve, which is a thing. They seem to recognize some customers as regular patrons which was also nice. The woman's room off the bar was and in this as was the bar and all areas I could see. I think I will be back. I think I could even become a fan of the place over time. It seems to have a mix of people and an straight male clientele, another look. [SEP]
5	I had to do some painting and needed help locating items and suggestions from the staff and boy were they ever helpful. Nothing Home Depot, where you have to go and hunt down an employee and when you do they can't wait to get back to their or whatever was more than their customer. I was just by the and quick service I received at this location. Even their quality of garden plants surpassed several other stores. [SEP]
4	Parking: lot, amount of spaces and lighting. Curb Appeal: Strip mall Bar and Tavern; entrance, no major issues. Big tinted windows on the side facing Elliot to keep the sun out; the front looks strip club (not a thing, just sayin'); It has glass block windows and a oak door. Layout: layout; side is a large dining room with amount of tables and some booths. Off to the left of the entrance is a large U shaped bar with plenty of high tables surrounding it. On the dining level there are numerous booths and table tops. Ambiance: VERY clean, noticed that a table stayed unbussed for only a few seconds before it was taken care of. sound system, lots of TV's showing of sports. I can only for the Mens room, but it was actually REALLY nice. area with lots of room, plenty of soap and towels.Food: My group had a little bit of everything on the menu. Sliders were actually good, wings were with amount of sauce (Get the Maple Hot...different but good). Drinks: Plenty of beer on tap and at a price. Even PBR for your hipsters out there; micro and import selection, but not great. Staff: This is were they earn the 4th star. AWESOME. Everyone was and seemed to actively look for ways to make the visit more special. The Skinny: This place is good. I'd be bringing the guys here for some football or hour beers...and it's equally if you want to bring the wife/girlfriend/husband/whatever for some drinks and some fun. I suggest you give it a chance and don't let the dive bar reviews get you. I've been to a lot of dive bars, and this place is a few steps above that for sure. [SEP]
3	Wings in Buffalo aren't usually breaded. I can't stand breaded Buffalo wings. The sauces were good, I can't deal with the breading. The redeemer for this place is that they serve Roast Beef on Kimmelweck. I did not try it, I am sure it was though. [SEP]
3	Fine. Just fine. C+/B- average-- all around. The decor was rustic and lodge-like, yet still open and modern. No here-- aesthetically and the colors and mariachi music of more traditional Mexican restaurants. The table we were sat at seemed to have been haphazardly wiped-- not totally clean. Our server was okay as well-- enough, but seemed generally in her job and us and was not very knowledgable about the food she was serving. The food was fine. The salsa served with the chips was totally fine-- but not very flavorful-- a theme we would soon learn would repeat itself throughout our dining experience. We started with the avocado egg rolls with cilantro honey dipping sauce. These were the highlight of the meal-- the sauce complimented the creamy avocado taste nicely. My only here was the $10.50 price tag for 2 standard sized egg rolls. Seems a wee bit for what it was, but still very tasty. I ordered the vegetarian tacos and they were good-- not wow, but good. I the of vegetables and the fact that they had veggie tacos in the first place (many more standard Mexican restaurants do not). I do wish they'd had more spices. The side of rice was good, but not as flavorful as I'd like. The veggie tacos are also served with some sort of pickled cabbage onion slaw (because the borracho beans that accompany the other dishes are cooked with bacon). The slaw was also fine. In general the food was acceptable, but a bit bland. I should also mention that the portions are quite reasonable-- two veggie tacos and a bit of rice and slaw. Sometimes the portions as more traditional Mexican restaurants are gargantuan-- it was to see a normal sized and relatively healthy-seeming Mexican(ish) meal.Full disclosure here-- our visit to Black Chile was prompted by a card we'd received in the mail for $20 off any meal. So we figured it was a shot-- and it was, but maybe not a return visit. Our bill (pre-discount) for the appetizer, 2 entrees, and two sodas came to $40. If it wasn't at the Biltmore, I'd say it was a little steep, but considering its location, it's probably on. I'd go back if the food had me, especially since it's in my neighborhood, but it didn't, so a repeat visit isn't likely. There are solidly 4 and 5 star places in the vicinity that 3 stars doesn't generally make me a repeat customer. [SEP]
4	Stopped there for breakfast. A little place, with very and persons. Their house coffee is fine, but will have to go back for a chai. I had also a bagel (just any other). A drive through, and a alternative to start the day! [SEP]
2	If I had written this review prior to an incident in September it would easily be 4 stars.The bar tenders were awesome. One night I was carrying around a largeish (Why because I own one). I put it on the bar to order beer and they asked me if I wanted a glass or if I wanted them to put it in the trophy. Yes, yes I did (although they did have to pour the drink into the glass first cause the was to big to fit under the tap). This might not be a big deal to some, but since I've been kicked out of bars for drinking out of said before and that was the first time I've ever had a bar be so about it. Every time I've been hear the bar staff has rocked even when they are extremely busy.Food. I think I've eaten here once, so I'm not going to comment on it. However I have been here when they switch from neighborhood bar mode to dance bar mode. If you are at a table still eating at that time they have no hesitation moving your table out of the way, if you're they will tell you about it before hand.It's a place for watching football/UFC/etc. Could maybe use some more TV's. Music is nothing outstanding, it's your typical dance/top 40's/etc that you would expect at any college dance bar. Since the crowd often is college/recent grads, it fits the bar nicely.I don't normally include bouncers in my reviews, but after what I saw the last time I was there, it's affected my opinion of the place and is the reason the place is only getting 2 stars. If you are kicking someone out and the are leaving peacefully, there is no reason to put your hands on him, other than maybe to keep him from over the place. So when I see a bouncer aggressively pushing a guy who has thrown up his hands in surrender, and in the process the bouncer knocks over a girl who has done nothing wrong, that's just not cool. Maybe it's just me but I would think someone who for the bar should be picking her up off the ground instead of nearly trampling her to help the bouncer who put her there while throwing out someone who is giving them no resistence on his way out. [SEP]
5	This is my spot, waterfalls everywhere, flowers, slide, and food! [SEP]
4	What a place. We (family of three) went on a Sunday afternoon. What a place, food, staff. The manager was there, she let my son sit on the michanical bull. fun. fun. [SEP]
4	this place sushi for a price, I that they have hour and reverse hour. They're even open till 2am for when I'm craving sushi for a midnight meal:)Only reason I gave it 4stars is that the service is sometimes [SEP]
4	huge portions. the sandwiches are yummy. the french toast, covered in bananas, and that crumbly sugary delicouisness is to for...and you might unless you jog 10 miles afterwards. but the real treat is the counter...oh my god, even to just look at it is an honor. bang for the buck. [SEP]
2	BlahFood is and sub par in my bookThe ambiance is and ScottsdalishThe drinks are all old time drinks. Think Gin Fizzes, Nails and ManhattansThe service is though [SEP]
5	Simply magnificent. Easily the Mexican food I've had the of in the States. I can't stop thinking about the carne asada Torta. The rice and beans are the I've eaten. Tacos are simple and delicious. The most part about it is that I get to go back and try the Bombero Burrito and other, more exotic things the lengua and menudo!You must go! [SEP]
4	I've now been here twice, one to eat in and one to carry out.All in all, prices, service, and semi-good food.I've had the pho when I sat down and ate at the restaurant. Not the I've had, but at the price, really and fulfilling.When I've carried out: had the bun thit nuon. stuff. Mi xao and hu tieu xao were just ok.I that the whole place is very big (from a recent expansion, I'm reading). The bathrooms are and the service is not too typical Viet: actually friendly-ish and not too rude/brusque.I would come back again for sure. The prices are what you would find in California, so that is just too to pass up. [SEP]
5	One of the dining experiences we had in Phoenix. And what a surprise, without Yelp we would have never found this hole in the wall in a space the width of a bowling alley. I had The Italian which was Pepperoni, salami, ham, mozzarella, basil, tomatoes & marinara wrapped in a pastry shell. Imagine a gourmet pocket. Mmmmmmmmmmmm [SEP]
5	Cafe Monarch is more than a restaurant - it's an experience. If I had to put an analogy to this one - I would say that most restaurants are watching a concert on tv and this place is being in the front row at a show. I was immersed in Christopher's world and entertained the entire time.As Camille H mentioned, this place may not be for everyone. There is no menu provided to pick things from. This is not a place for a quick snack, although, I bet if you asked, Christopher would provide it. If you are a eater or have food allergies, call ahead of time. But if you go in with the mindset that you are going to be surprised with a meal full of the ingredients, combinations of flavors and stories to every dish, you will not be disappointed.I am not sure I would bring my five year old to this place. She would it, but I think my husband and I will get most out of our dining experience with a babysitter. Since Christopher is a one man show - chef, server, host, story teller, etc. etc, each course takes awhile, and my child's attention span most likely would not last through the entire meal.For a description of the food we ate, please see Camile H's review. She described everything perfectly.This is my new place in the valley. I can't wait to go back! Highly highly highly this experience!!! [SEP]
5	I have been coming to Lai Lai's for many years now and have never had a experience! The food is always great, and if you it up you have no one to except yourself since you decide what all you want in your bowl lol. Sometimes I don't make it in for a year or so but the staff always remembers me and that makes me feel very much at home. Lai Lai's is great! [SEP]
4	Everything I have had here has been wonderful. Very fresh. The service is good. The food is wonderful. I have eaten at this one and the one in Glendale. food in both locations. [SEP]
4	Yes, I am a fan. Particularly of the brunches! They bake their pancakes which makes them ooooh so good. The King's cakes are and are baked with bananas and chocolate in them and served with peanut butter (which I'm personally not a fan of). The portions are very very generous. On a day, the patio is great. seats, evap cooler outside, misting system. Most people don't know about their brunches I assume, since the entire place was empty when we were there at 10am. The dinners are as well. The pulled pork sandwich and their pizzas are surprisingly good! It definitely has a commercial feel to it, but I believe it's a local business which I'm all for. [SEP]
5	I've only been here once, for breakfast, but I was very and hope to make it back again soon! [SEP]
4	Reddddddd Robin.....Yum.Whiskey River BBQ burger is really all I get here so i cant speak to any other thing. Its just to stray away from that of a burger.When I was here most recently, I ordered the potato fries instead of the normal fries....they were great...however they dont have a sauce for them and there is also no brown suger or anything on them to take them to the next level...so you end up with fries that get after about 5. :( comeon Red Robin, develop a sauce to go with those fries.As always, the staff was very and attentetive. I always seem to get service here. [SEP]
1	I really writing reviews a place for food, service, ambiance, and value, or any combination of these. Unfortunately, this isn't one of those reviews. This is a fish story... No, not about the big one that got away. Nor is it about the time I was fly fishing with my dad and had to rescue him because he stepped in a deep hole and sank when his waders filled with water.... this is about the trout that saved the day.When my wife and I arrived at the Greene House, it was earlier in the evening, still hour, though we were there for dinner not appetizers. Checked-in with the hostess and were quoted a quoted 30-45 minute wait for a table. We knew the place was so weren't with the wait as we were looking forward to a dinner.Went to the bar to order wine and that's when our started. We were sitting in plain view at the edge of the bar facing the entry and there were TWO bartenders, In of this, in the 15 minutes we waited, occasionally waving and saying me to get the bartenders' attention, we never even got so much as a Hi, and certainly not an opportunity to order a drink.I had only just told my wife I wasn't to wait another 15-30 minutes wine when the hostess surprised us by saying a table was ready. Our was short lived however.After being seated, it was approximately 5 minutes before our server came to the table. We ordered wine and water.Our wine and water came NINE minutes later... a total of over 30 minutes since we entered the restaurant before we received our first beverage.We skipped an appetizer, planning ahead for dessert, and for our entree ordered Rainbow Trout with a side of Truffle Parmesan Fries.Approximately 15 minutes later, our SIDE of Truffle Parmesan Fries showed up... sans trout. When asked about the missing trout, she said it'd be a few more minutes because the kitchen was backed up. When asked why she brought the side of fries, she said she thought we wanted them first, a leap of logic that totally escaped us. When our server said she could take the fries back to keep them until our trout was ready, my wife and I looked at each other in and made a decision that given we were now STARVING, our original side of fries would serve us as a appetizer than as a reheated side with dinner.Finally, a few minutes after our Truffle Parmesan Fries were gone, our trout arrived. As I indicated in the begining, it saved the day. The fish was fresh, prepared and exceptional.As as the trout was however, is wasn't to make us ever return to the Greene House. There is no reason any customer should through such and uninspired service when there are at least a dozen restaurants within a 2 mile radius of this one (much less dozens more throughout the Phoeniz metro area), that are SIGNIFICANTLY more enjoyable. Spend your earned money somewhere else [SEP]
4	We went here because it was the only place we could find open after the Suns game. fish sandwich was delicious, as as the shoestring fries. service, vibe, I'd go back. [SEP]
5	This place is so cooli was startled to find that Tempe has something thisIt reminded me of the C.A.T. in Eugene.There are soo many bike parts, and tools, frames of all kindsfrom what i've learned is that you can pay a small sum and build your own bicycle here, or offer to volunteer and have your bike for by working off the debti came here a while back to see if they had anything of interest, and wouldnt you know it that on my way a nut and bolt off of my stirrup so i thought perfect, now i can get anotherthe dude running the operation didnt charge me a thingso i left a $1 in the tip jarit's such a priveledge to have something this for the community, i just hope ppl reinvest their time into it so it can exist for generations of cyclists to come. [SEP]
1	Long wait for food, waitresses that don't know what they're doing, hosts, and food that keeps us off the lake for 2 hours is not somewhere I plan on going ever again. [SEP]
3	My parents pho so I've practically been Vietnamese cuisine since the womb. Ha! No I it so much myself that it was always on the weekly dinner rotation when I lived in OC. Alas, I moved to North Phoenix and I dont have little pho shops or boba cafes on every street corner. I've learned that I have to drive a ways to Chandler/Mesa to these cravings. Imagine my surprise when the husband and I noticed Tea Lite Cafe when we changed up our movie theater location this past weekend. Of course, we had to try it out and we'd been for some pho for months now.We both ordered the beef pho and took a seat. The place is small but there's plenty of seating and still feels spacious. The cashier up front was and welcoming which was nice. We didn't have to wait too long for our food to arrive...another plus. The pho itself has really tasty broth and the beef was and tender. I was by the small portion of bean sprouts, mint leaves and limes that accompanied the soup. I'm used to overflowing plates of these veggies so I can load up my soup to my heart's desire. In fact, my hubby usually counts on me doing this since I end up eating all my veggies and leaving most of the beef for him. Double ha! But the of sprouts and mint leaves didn't put a on the taste of the pho. What I did was the traditional pho ingredients tripe, rare steak and tendons. I know, I know...sounds but me it makes pho taste soooo good. I guess I just have a usual when it comes to pho so I was a little when I couldn't my craving to the utmost degree. is me. But let me conclude by stating again that the pho here is really and has a flavor to the broth. I think the hubby and I will go back since it is so located to us. It'll definitely do in a although I am sure I will occasionally find myself making the trek to get me some tripe! [SEP]
5	5 STARSThis is a large, maintained botanical garden, teeming with birdlife and in blooming cacti, succulents & other flowers.Even though it can be HOT, it is very to spend half a day here, as we did, wandering the trails. If you need a break, there is a patio cafe where you can get a one.This place is a true and a asset for Phoenix. [SEP]
5	5 stars? Definitely!Upon walking in, everything from the atmosphere, decor and staff was and inviting. We each ordered a 3 course meal, and agreed on different selections. The addition of a homemade mozzarella appetizer and an dessert meant we each tasted 8 dishes that night. 8 unique and dishes. We tasted from every section of their menu, including raw (butterfish and albacore), cooked (gnocchi and risotto), and meat (short rib and pork belly). much everything was my favorite, and a couple of glasses of Barbara the meal perfectly. It was on the night we visited... if I may make a suggestion it would be to GO GO GO to Crudo. Like, now. [SEP]
2	We visited Frank & Albert's on a Sunday afternoon for lunch. Hardly anyone was there, as it was about 2:30 PM. We had eaten lunch there a couple of years ago on the patio, and I had a time then. However, the temp was 114 on this particular afternoon, so the patio wasn't an option. We were the only people in there other than the dude who talked on his phone the ENTIRE time we were there. He even managed to order and eat his entire lunch while yapping. I ordered fish tacos, as I had the last time we were there. Something has changed. A previous reviewer mentioned this, and he was on the money. I received two constructed tacos . . .soft tortilla shells in the shaper with cabbage etc. only no fish! Two large-ish filets of fish were on the side! It was really . . .I had to tear apart the filets with my fork, some fish into the full-of-cabbage tortillas, and complete my own taco :( I gave up on the second one and ate the veggie taco and the fish separately. I really didn't the seasoning on the fish, either. I thought it was too and blackened. Ultimately, the fish tacos were meh to say the most. I will not order them again. My bf ordered a sandwich and since he must follow a special diet, he cannot eat mayo. He reads ingredients very closely and requests things he can't have be left off. His sandwich came slathered in mayo, even though it wasn't mentioned on the menu as an ingredient. When we looked around for our server, he was nowhere to be found. So, while I munched on tacos, bf sat looking for the next 5-7 minutes until we finally saw the server and flagged him down.That being said, the server was about making the new sandwich sans mayo, and we even received an extra order of potato fries with sea salt. They were yummy! And when you see their house chipotle ketchup, DO try it! I looked for it in the Biltmore gift shop, but they didn't have any for sale. Oh well. I am not swearing Frank & Albert's off forever, but since I am only in Phoenix a few times a year, it will be a while before I go again. [SEP]
3	deli sandwich but a for parking. the selection of things to buy sorta a little market in NY! [SEP]
5	Really breakfast burritos! They are true Mexican-style! I get the ham and egg breakfast burrito and it comes with cheese and a tortilla. They are and really big! I'm so I a mile from this place! I go at least once a week! [SEP]
5	Had my Snaaz 5k walk for education very park!!! and would be for walking a dog! There's lots of parking and also there is a in downtown Phoenix how nice! Real Arizona feel! I would definitely take my parents or my aunt for a walk on a morning :) [SEP]
4	Valet only parking, unless you want to try parking by the bank. Last two times we weren't able to. Not about their cocktails (pretty weak) but the Mary was a start to our Sunday brunch. It's not listed on their menu but they have gluten options. Tried the egg bake, good. The salmon and pork chile verde are delish (love the homemade cornbread). Overall, the atmosphere and food make this a brunch or lunch time spot! [SEP]
4	service and tasting food. What more could you ask for? A bit pricey, but that is to be expected with the level of quality.The wait staff will cater to your every need and will make sure your lunch or dinner is to your liking. I came here for lunch on a business lunch and it was everything I expected. I had the chicken caesar salad and it was great. If you are looking for a place to meet up after or to have a power lunch, I definitely this place. [SEP]
4	I've only been to the MIC 4 times but so far so good. At this time I have taken only the spin classes and I must say the room is amazing. The lights are awesome, the mirrored doors that open to the outdoors are very cool. Last week Todd opened the doors and we did spinning in the rain. It was so much fun. I also have to agree with the reviewer, Emily, that Todd's class is fantastic. It is filled with energy, music, and is a very ride. The one I have is that the class is only 45 minutes, I would it be an hour especially given the cost. I cannot comment on the yoga as I have not tried it but the yoga room also looks amazing. The cafe is a addition and the menu items that I have tried have all been great. I will definitely continue to do Todd's class when I can and hope to try out a couple of other instructors in the future. [SEP]
1	I have received two pedicures and a manicure from this location. I usually a more spa experience but the cost is low and I was attempting to save a few dollars. Cutting cost may not be a thing to do when it comes to body care. I won't be returning because I am about health violations.Pros:Quick serviceCheaper than the spa, salonCons:Improper cleaning of foot baths. I thought they were until I saw them seat a women at a used station. They only took the sprayer and rinsed the bowl. (I did let her know)The foot massage was more a foot beating. About an hour later my ankles felt I had rolled them. It took almost two weeks for them to feel normal again.The sent in the shop is of nails. If everyone has on a mask, I would one to. [SEP]
5	Very yummy, my roll is the Las vegas, and here they make a one and it's 1/2 off during hour. I keep meaning to come for the all you can eat sushi! Try the Ice Cream sushi roll, this is one of the only places I know that does it and it is delicious! [SEP]
3	what way to end a Spring training baseball day than with a marg, Mexican food and your girlfriends...the local in the group said this place would be on a Sat night, so we weren't surprised with the wait time, but if a place is used to being crowded....they should have a wait plan. if the bar is full (which it was for a bit), there is not much space to and wait, once we got to our table, our waitress spaced....got us water and then never came back. i the menu, as it spiced up some of the normal Mexican fare...like the shrimp chilaquiles with chipotle cream sauce that was great! the guac is good, but as it comes out in this huge mound served in a pestle...in actuality, there is a lot of lettuce on bottom then cup of guac. and my house margarita was more tangy mixer than tequila, kinda ick.i think this place has potential and i might try it again if i could do it on a weeknight, but for now it just gets my average. [SEP]
5	I've been planning a visit to the Public Market for some time now, and was downtown today so I finally stopped in for lunch. I had the Chicken, which was delicious. The market fare is counter service, but when I was ordering the cashier was very and and brought my food to me out on the patio.This was a very first experience, sitting on the patio reading a book, sipping my canned mint green tea, and eating my sandwich with a side of couscous. The atmosphere was very and there were others nearby sharing a bottle of wine, or just finishing up their lunch with conversation. Speaking of the wine, there was an wine and craft beer selection. I'll be going back to sample the beverages very soon.On my way out, I stopped at the coffee bar for a latte, which was much more bold and flavorful than your Food Coffee variety; a way to finish off my lunch. If you're looking for a quick, inexpensive, and local dining experience, check this place out. [SEP]
2	If you have $6 a hole in your pocket, and would a thimble full of ice cream, this is your place. They have a selection of flavors, and you can sample as many as you want before choosing, not to mention they are part of a coffee shop too. Unfortunately, they charge you a thousand dollars for a scoop of it. I'd rather go to Mary Coyle and get a Banana for that price, or just save my money because the idea of paying $6 for a scoop of ice cream is absolutely a parting with his money.Two stars because it actually was tasty. [SEP]
4	Still not much hair to cut but Helen does a job and has developed a following of both men and women. Don't spread the word or I will have to wait longer. [SEP]
1	Ugh. I don't giving a review, but this is a store that needs to address a couple things.1. The Service: Long lines and cashiers. 2. Outdated Store: This wouldn't be so obvious if they just did a little cleanup and merchandising.3. Produce: Maybe in this store they should just no offer produce. The little corner in the store makes you think it was an afterthought. I think just a couple things that wouldn't cost much money would go a long way in making this store a go to place for me. Not there now. [SEP]
3	First off, it's Chinese, and they lived up to their on that one, we did get our dinners fast. I am a huge rice fan; and I have to say theirs was horrible, stick to plain white or brown rice. However, I had the beef with broccoli and that was ok. It's not Beef with broccoli is exploding with flavor anyways, so I can confidently say they didn't it up. What I do about this place (besides how quick our food came out) is that you can do the meal deal , typically only offered at lunch, for dinner which gets you the egg roll and crab puff at dinner. I crab puffs, again theirs was just ok and I didn't care for the egg roll all that much. Overall it was fast, filled me up with a huge portion that I took home lots of left overs; they were open kind of late - until 10, and it wasn't the thing I ever ate. Also, they had very service. [SEP]
3	As a new connoisseur of Greek food, this place is good. I their pita a lot, and the fire feta is quite addicting. The salad and rice aren't anything to write home about, and I'm not about the tzaziki sauce here (love it other places)... the street gyros were decent, and the tea that they serve here is when mixed with pink lemonade. I wouldn't go out of my way to come here, but I'll be back when I'm in the 'hood. [SEP]
3	Food is just 'eh... Just one more sushi place of many [SEP]
4	i this place. small insidelocated inside old town glendale so it looks sorta cutefood was gooood! got the sampler combo cause i didnt know what to get and the cheese and potatoes pierogi were yummm!!recommended! [SEP]
4	I it here. The pizza is good, the wings are awesome! Lots of deals to be had here and the service has always been and courteous. Very to feed a large group for not a lot of cash. I agree with the below comment.. very place, even the ladies room is and (hard to come by) which is very much appreciated. [SEP]
5	We had read about this place on Yelp and a local had highly it as well. It is located in an office building and not to find unless you know in advance that it is in the back of a big office building with a big parking lot. I will preface this by saying that we had just eaten the night before at a highly regarded Scottsdale restaurant in which the service was awful. Therefore, this place a lot of points with the 4 of us immediately because the service was from start to finish. The restaurant itself is huge and it is decorated and immaculate. You walk in and they have a huge open fire spit BBQ chickens and Beef. For starters we had a Caesar Salad--a shrimp cocktail--a bit and just okay, and a house salad. I ordered their simply grilled fish of the day which was Swordfish with Guacomole on and a corn butter on the side served with rice. It was a portion and it was delicious. My wife had Salmon on a plank which was also very good. One of our friends had Short Ribs with Dr. Pepper BBQ sauce and grits. The portion was huge and he raved about the dish. Our other friend had the Duck Breast and it was very good. We had a wine by our waitress that was priced and very good. The whole experience was and we will go again when we come back to Scottsdale. [SEP]
5	this gym. Not many know it's here..lunch time is the to get in. I've been a member since Feb of 2009. While the trainers are nice, it's a revolving door. You are off at this gym if you know what you're doing vs. needing 1-to-1 attention. Since LA Fitness just purchased PURE, this will only increase I imagine. that they no longer do monthly 're-programs'... But the gym itself is the monthly fee. If you're looking for a place to be left alone to workout - this is it. [SEP]
4	At the ripe old age of 3, it's time for my previous review to take a siesta. Over the course of that three years, Tempe Camera's only gotten better. The selection's (finally finding a medium between film and digital), the prices are even than they were, and I dare say service on the retail side's kickass too.TCR is now my go-to photo supplier as a working pro. They've either got what I need or can quickly get it, they still know their stuff, and they both local photographic education and the local photo industry. They're also the only dealer in the Valley that sells Think Photo products, which are professional camera bags ever.And if you're an amateur, they've got plenty of friendly, staff for you too. Don't be to ask for someone else; almost anywhere, they employ people of varying personalities. There are sales staff I don't click with at TCR, but I wouldn't classify anyone as distinctly rude. (If you want that, you'll have to try B&H or Adorama.) If you need lots of hand-holding, the ASU probably means you'll either want to shop at off hours or go to Photomark--TCR tries, but the crowd to counter ratio just isn't at peak times.Repairs are still something they do very at prices. When I've had equipment serviced, it's been turned around quickly, relatively inexpensively, and brand new. Evaluation of your equipment is still free, as it should be at every repair shop (but often isn't).The lab's added a bunch of new services, including plexi mounting, and is doing a considerably job with film than their old for with purchase would suggest. Hundreds of frames processed with nary a to be found.Rentals I'm a little more about. They've thinned the herd out considerably (about half the rentals inventory has taken up residence in the used equipment case) and the selection of lighting equipment is basically unchanged, but they've got the latest Canon and Nikon bodies, and everything's well-maintained and in shape. Rates are for what they do have--the question's just if they have what you want. [SEP]
4	OK, not knowing what to expect when walking up to the RC when I saw a courtyard full of people mulling around, I thought a relaxed, meal was shot to hell! for us, all the peeps walking around (seeming Zombie-like) were waiting on Pizzeria Bianco, the Pizza place across the way! OK Back to the review of RC.. I have to agree with Francis L.. sliders, fish was below average BUT the Fries are awesome!! The fish itself was OK, but the breading was watery as if steamed from the inside! I was totally bummed because It had a flavor.. but was inedible! The 'Tartar' sauce was another huge hit! not a creamy sauce but liquidy with tons of Cucumber chunks... The Onion Rings are a try.. and they have a Horseradish- ranch sauce.We sat inside, decor... you gotta the English Pub look which is by me! We'll be back for sure!!Nutshell- Bar menu, bar food- drinks!! people watching spots from front porch area... repeat visits! [SEP]
3	Food was good. Service was not good. Only one waitress for entire restaurant. [SEP]
3	This is a spot for drinks & bar food. We went on a Sunday night after a big meeting that was held at the Phoenix Convention Center. They were able to accommodate a group of about 20 of us without any (not a whole lot of people there). Their quesadillas and curly fries are quite and I could not help reaching for the nachos again and again, but definitely avoid their Caesar salad (I know, who orders salad at a bar anyway?!) [SEP]
5	Our go to pizza place! Don't see how they could in any area. Customer service is excellent, and the food is PERFECTION! [SEP]
5	Hands down the cupcakes in the Phoenix market. Tammie Coe comes in second with the coconut but sometimes it's not as as it could be at LGO. Milk chocolate is great, taste a sprinkle - it's really chocolate not wax. I had salted caramel it was wonderful. chocolate is decadent. I did try the red velvet and it was but I'm done trying to understand red velvet. I just don't get it. [SEP]
4	I normally go for reverse hour on Sundays! I have only had experiences at RA! I dont really do sushi but I do drinks specials, My friedns normally get the sushi and they it, the prices are really during hour time! I normally eat the spicy seaseme chicken wings, shrimp tempura, pork gyoza, and I have tried the california roll and vegas rolls. place to out on Sunday night, it can be your pre party or a spot! [SEP]
4	Once again, the pizza was delish. They were busy last time I went, and my gf and I had to wait a while to see a server, but they apologized for the wait, gave us two sodas and were understanding that we needed our food to go ( Kick-Ass started in 30 minutes!). Very cool. [SEP]
5	I had a experience with this company today. They sent out their tech Steve to fix my Samsung tv. He arrived on time and was able to quickly diagnose and fix the problem. He also provided some tips to the performance of the tv in other areas unrelated to the issue.The service was professional, prompt, and efficient. I would definitely use them again in the future. [SEP]
3	Its been a few weeks since I've eaten here..but its only now that I have time to write this long, review.Hm...its upscale...kind of comparable to Mikuni's in Sac...but their menu is to some extent, smaller and less tasty. I don't recall exactly what i ordered but...I wouldn't this place to friends. It was okay, nothing that stood out...and me, food, when its good...it sticks with me. :) Without further a due, edible but i would never crave for it again. [SEP]
5	I can not believe that pizza could be this good. I had pizza on a recent trip to NY, and this really is the closest that I can find to the pizza out there.They say that its the water, but I am of that. I guess it doesn't matter what they did to make the pizza, it was really, really good. [SEP]
3	I know this is going to be girly but I the beer at Four Peaks and the beer fries are amazing. [SEP]
5	This is the most progressive, inclusive, welcoming, diverse, intellectually stimulating, public-service oriented church in the Valley, if not the West Coast. We've been to more than a few and can attest to that. Pastor Jeff not only knows everyone's name but is genuinely about everything that goes on in your life. The congregation is one big family. for your neighbors is not just a commandment at this church - it's acted upon. If you're of churches that tell you what to believe in and don't act what they preach, you'd check this one out. Services every Sunday at 9:30am. [SEP]
5	Dr. Ellis is compasionate, caring, and really demonstrates his for what he does. The entire staff made us feel from the moment we walked in to the time we left the office. They went the extra step to make sure my 5 year old was having at the dentist! I would this office to anyone who has children. Dr. Ellis and his team are the best! [SEP]
5	So to have another option in our restaurant neighborhood. The space is much larger than it appears from the street, and is up really into areas. The open kitchen really does have an Italian country feel, and the lighting gives the very large open room a feel. large bar as well. of all is the number of walls that open up to the outside-perfect for this time of year. Our server had the combination of personality and humor-not too much, just right. The menu has a selection, no matter your appetite. The Burratta was and creamy, with a of apple slices and Rocket. The potatoes with parmesan, rosemary and lemony aioli were off the chain. I wanted an order to take home! Pizza crust is very tasty and texture. Hanger steak was cooked and seasoned. The brunch menu looks yummy-we definitely have a new hangout on the hood. job, Sam Fox! [SEP]
3	I remember a time when Ikea was an almost place where the angels would sing a greeting to me as I passed through the doors. That was a long time ago. When I was younger (and significantly poorer) Ikea was the one true way I could get semi-stylish home furnishings at a price. Many a room was filled with pre-fab furniture that was always just a wee bit small. It's how ones' tastes change. This weekend I ventured forth to Ikea in search of baby stuff. A friend of mine is with child and wanted to check out what Ikea had to offer. Walking through the store I saw the same stuff I saw ten years ago, and while I could still see the appeal, I realized that it just wasn't as as I remembered. Ah well, at least I still have the memories (and the coffee table, end tables, TV stand and lamps). Ikea is still if you have something specifically in mind. My friend found a bunch of decorations for the soon-to-be-born babies room, all for low prices. I bought a few pillows. Yes, this is what my life has become. Ikea didn't change, I did. [SEP]
4	I was taken here while visiting from Chicago and had one of the margaritas of my life. I tried the house (on ice with salt) and it was fantastic, but what I couldn't get of was the strawberry-lime one. I couldn't taste a drop of alcohol...and that's when you know you have a mixed drink on your hands. I honestly could have had three more it was so tasty, but my childlike tolerance for boozin did not allow it. The bartender was and friendly, we had many refills of the chips and salsa (damn you, I can never resist), and it was all in a southwestern environment. Supposedly the tacos are top-notch, I will have to give them a whirl next time I'm in town. I highly suggest going here for a hour or dinner. [SEP]
4	The chicken shawarma is stellar. I get it to go at least once a month, substituting veggies for the rice. Slightly pricey, but you get a lot of food and it's very consistent. [SEP]
5	Thanks to Chris L's first review, OTFM has been on my list of places to go for quite some time. Unfortunately, I just can't seem to get my act together on Saturday mornings. Today was the day. I was by 9 (am, not pm)!After a quick stop at the ATM, we were there, Yelp canvas bags in hand, and not disappointed. I had to get that chocolate cherry bread from Phoenician Bakery. I sampled an itsy, bitsy little piece and it was still exploded in my mouth. We also purchased zucchini bread, honey (which I've already mixed with some mascarpone cheese and slathered on strawberries), grapefruit marmalade (yum), dates, and flowers.The breakfast burritos from Gil's Taste of Taos were some burritos. Saving for next time...fresh produce (the lines were already long for McClendon's and I'm not one to wait for veggies) and everything else I wanted (like tamales).We saw our own Gabi K's other half wandering down the street too...he looked so without her:( Hope he brought her some flowers. [SEP]
2	I went here to try a new salon and they were very when i first walked in like, I was there time, I just wanted to know about there tanning prices and they kept trying to up sell me on there other products even though i kept telling them no you, finally when i got a tanning bed they asked how long i wanted to go for, i said the full time and the lady tells me i should do less time because I'm a red head, I told her that i have been tanning for years now that I'm with the full time, she still gave me a time saying i should do less, finally i was whatever and did less time. The only reason I give them two stars is because there beds are really and i got color from them, but it was not the for me to want to go back. [SEP]
4	The bad: the bar closes at 10pm. It seems the western, country, wagon-wheel themed bar that you'd to close down one night while playing some tunes on the juke box and eating peanuts. And also the french fries, file those under bad.The good: the hamburgers are much delicious. Definitely go for guacamole, and add whatever you want from the topping wagon.I didn't try one myself, but I hear the cookies are good. [SEP]
4	My croissant with ham, eggs & swiss this morning was & came with a brownie (saved for later & was very yummy too!) & orange juicePlease try the iced tea!! The way the owner makes it is & nothing I've tried! He mixes a kind of apple cider that they make on-site with mint.Everything is made from scratch! I this and do not mind to wait a couple of minutes for personally made for me food!Even hummus is made from from dried chickpeas.I was very & my belly was full! [SEP]
1	Ugh!! A 25 min wait greeted us before anyone recognized our presence. We were offered complientary champaigne in consideration. Who drinks champainge??We were allowed to order wine prior to hearing of the chef's feast, which offers a wine pairing. That's dumb.We ordered a meat/cheese plate. It contained head cheese. Hmmmm. and oversalted.30 min later our salads came. The salads were ok and the highlight of the meal.35 min later our main course came. Overcooked, uneventful, lame.I can't drink alcohol and ordered water. Twice I was left w/ no water for extended periods. Both times I was foced to ask for water.There were no hand towels in the unisex bathroom. It's no to dry your hands using toilet paper.The part was saved for last. Quiessence automatically adds an 18% gratuity, which is OK assuming the service is at least adequate. It wasn't. Further, as our waiter dropped the bill, he explained the 18% goes to the house and anything additional we might addd, though not required, is most appreciated. Egad....why does the house need a service charge w/ the margins they charge for their normal food service? And why do they put their staff in the position of shaking down their patrons for tips?Although it's a very nice, setting, I found myself wanting to leave after the first appy. Food, service and ancillary were simply terrible. Stay away. You'll spend your $175 for 2 much most anywhere else. [SEP]
5	store! The owner was extremely kind and to me so I'm not too sure why one reviewer was saying he was rude. They had baskets of clothes out front that were for homeless or people which I thought was considering places often overcharge for clothing that should be donated to those in need. find on a Robert cavalli jacket and J.crew pants that were literally new. Prices were completely for quality second hand clothing. For sure will go back!!! [SEP]
4	pastrami and cole slaw. Marble rye and challah were a little and dry. I always diet Dr. Brown's cream soda. Overall lunch spot and location. [SEP]
4	Probably not the pizza I've ever had, but definitely in the 5! Had the groupon deal of 50% off, so that made it even a experience. Not exactly the atmosphere for a date night, but the quality of bread/sauce/toppings is fantastic. If you specialty beer and pizza, there is no reason not to try this place. Will be returning for sure! [SEP]
2	So it's so freakin' in AZ I didn't mind that yet another yogurt place was opening up in town. Stopped by on opening day to check it out. The place seems really small compared to Yogurtland and Zoyo, the yogurt is the same but they had these gummi butterflies as toppings that I loved. They were supposed to give yelpers a gift but when I asked about one they said come back in a few hours because they weren't giving them away then. Yeah right, this place is not going out of the way for. [SEP]
2	I went to Wildflower looking for a lunch spot that had wifi. I arrived at 11:30, and noticed every table in the small place was full. It was my first time there, it seemed a lot Bakery (which is a thing), so I ordered, hoping a table would open up. Price was about the same as Paradise. By the time my food got there, no tables opened, so I got the food to go. I got home, opened the food, and much to my dismay, it was quite a bit than Paradise. Also, no cookie. Next time I'll just drive up the street a couple miles. [SEP]
4	I have been to Lux a few times now and it has completely me over with its coffee and mouth watering chocolate croissants . There always seems to be a line but it moves fast. Among the numerous coffee shops in the area, Lux definitely stands out. [SEP]
5	Scale of 1-10 (multiple visits):10 Food9 Service10 Atmosphere8 Value [SEP]
4	The food was and presented. The atmosphere was clean, quiet, serene. [SEP]
5	As a former Bay Area resident, I have come to and appreicate all asian food. Generally, I Japanese and Thai over Chinese, however, when it comes to Iron Chef it's my favorite. The location is as it's only a quick two or three minute drive from my house. Their food is absolutely delcious and is on par with a high end chinese restaurant. The quality of the meat, fish and vegetables is just and it's always very consistent. I generally order the garlic chicken as I spicy food! It's a mix of vegetables and white meat and the sauce is perfect, full of flavor and not at all greasy. I also the fact that they offer brown rice as an option and their eggrolls are some of the I've tasted. The family meal for $29.95 is an value and is food for four or five people. We ordered it for the two of us and had leftovers for a week! It includes sweet/sour pork, broccoli beef, orange chicken, chow mein, rice, steamed rice, soup and eggrolls. I sure hope that Iron Chef survives the recession. I try to eat there as often as I can :) [SEP]
4	This is a really Starbucks location. Unlike a lot of the newer locations that have retro plastic chairs that look much more than functional, it has lots of upholstered chairs, plenty of plugs for web surfers, and a decently-sized outdoor seating area. The staff is really and as well. There is also a drive-through. [SEP]
4	The food is quality. The atmosphere is nice. The owner and his wife to make you feel welcome.Skip the chorizo gravy, everything else is a B. [SEP]
2	First off nothing gourmet going on here at all. Its basically Subway with delivery and they have to deliver it for or there is no way in you would with the place. It's cheap, generic, flavorless food. [SEP]
3	Live entertainment, friendly, restroom clean, my dish was good, but my hubbies dish the meat was not at all and for a fajita they gave him a burrito flour size tortilla and took about 15 mins to bring a second one. Plus hrs are posted on yelp. States open from 6 am to 2 pm even though they serve breakfast, lunch and dinner. [SEP]
5	The bar and wait staff couldn't be at this location of PF Chang's. The food and service is than any other 'Chang's' country-wide. We just moved here from NY and our local hangout. The bar tenders and wait staff have made us feel at home. We go at least once per week for food, drink, and company with the staff and other patrons. you Clint, Gerry, Nate, Kyle, Nick, Angie, et al. [SEP]
5	This is a family owned local restaurant at it's best. If you to explore and locally owned businesses, you should definitely give this one a try. They have a big menu and I have tried breakfast and lunch and both were excellent, but the breakfast is particularly good. I the breakfast burrito. (to the reviewer that about the chorizo...hello, it is chorizo, chorizo is sausage). I would go out of my way to stop and eat here whenever in the general area. [SEP]
5	Thanks for me to find Valley Eyecare Center, fellow Yelpers! I visited their office as a new and knew from the moment I walked in that it was going to be a experience. The receptionist was friendly, the office was and clean, and the wait was super-short (~3 mins). I was with care that was provided and didn't feel rushed when working with Dr. Eric Clyde or his assistant. The three words that come to mind when thinking of this office are: professional, prompt, and accurate. My visit was for a contact lens fitting, so no comment on their frame selection / service. [SEP]
4	Had the Korean Beef over white rice. What a dish. Thin sliced beef in a garlic brown sauce with onions and taste, served with a side of white rice. NOTHING over the nothing trying to be something it is not. Just food. [SEP]
2	I went because several people I know raved about the place, because I'm a vegetarian and I'm always trying to get back on track and heard the veggie sandwiches were incredible, and because I'm a malt and found out they have malteds there.I was disappointed. And my friend I was with who had been one of Stickler's said that, although it was okay this time, the place seems to have gone down hill.Stickler's wasn't busy at all, maybe 4 tables of customers and 3 people in line, but although there were alot of workers behind the counter, the service was very slow. We had to wait a long time for our veggie sandwiches. Now my friend has been there when it was jam-packed and she said the service then was much quicker. We went about 2 so maybe the staff was out from the lunch rush earlier.The bread was good, crunchy on the outside and inside but the vegetarian sandwich itself was boring. It's supposed to have Swiss, Provolone and American cheese on it. I couldn't even taste the Swiss or Provolone at all, the American over powered the sandwich and was more a cheez-whiz type.I'm always on the look out for a malt, one that really tastes a malt and not a shake. My chocolate malt tasted more a and I wasn't with the ice cream. My buddy her vanilla malt though.The one thing I did about Stickler's is that they have the small bags of Vickie's chips to buy. It used to be you could buy big bags in the grocery stores but now the chips,which are the kettle chips I've ever had, are just carried in certain deli and sandwich shops. [SEP]
5	A yummy Mexican Sunnyslope dive. The oatmeal horchata is tasty! THE torta is really an experience! [SEP]
4	Abuelos! Mexican food! [SEP]
2	Dear God I should have ran to the hills when I walked in and saw 5 out of 5 people working there with electric shears in their hands. I to call them stylists. I mean all I wanted was a trim for my 7 year old. Just a straight line. I'd to see her take a sobriety test. [SEP]
4	This place has some food. I haven't yet found anything on the menu that I don't instantly. The pizza, the sandwiches, the appetizers, the desserts... all good. Despite this, my item on the menu is definitely the Berry Burst Cider. I haven't yet found any other cider in the valley.Atmosphere: goodService: goodMy only beef: I did once have the jambalaya and that simply left me wanting Cajun. [SEP]
5	BBQ Chicken plate is excellent! My wife says that the half order is fine. Usually take orders to go and food is on-time! We eat here on a monthly basis. [SEP]
4	O.K. , I actually this theatre, why ? because it is usually never crowded. Things are a little old and outdated, but I waiting in line, so this for me . [SEP]
4	I am always on the hunt for a breakfast spot.This is definitely going on the list of regular places to visit.I had an enormous pancake the size of my plate; flavorful with crispy edges..perfect!The waitress informed me that 1 would be for me, so I had an egg and 2 slices of bacon. All very good.The coffee was too, an added :)My husband had the avocado omelette which was also very, very good.Interior of the restaurant wasn't anything exciting...but the food makes up for it.Server was and attentive. [SEP]
4	This is a place to go when you're hungry, but don't want the weighed-down yucky, feeling. I always order the greek pita, well, because I'm a feta fan! Yes, a large amount of the menu has feta, so if you don't it, you may want to rethink coming here. The rice pilaf is delicious, I also the fruit bowls (not a fan of the pasta salad). Chicken salad is good, but I think it needs some salt & pepper personally. Yaya's chocolate cake is really yummy! All in all, I this place! [SEP]
4	I've always had quality of food and service here. Standard menu....everything is a la carte. I've been to this specific location about half a dozen times....I City Hall or Mastro's (N. Scottsdale), over Morton's. But between Fleming's and here, it's a tossup. I would eat at either....but I would probably choose Fleming's over Morton's. [SEP]
4	They try to be In-N-Out, even down to the color scheme, but the burgers taste very different. They offer cajun fries which have some extra seasoning, and if you ask for your fries done they don't come out as soggy. But if you're going with someone else, then one order of fries is all you'll need. They give everyone huge helpings of fries and I'm never able to finish a single order so I just share it. The burgers are and the one thing that sets this place a part is the option to get jalapenos on your burger. Don't forget about breakfast! This is where In-N-Out fails. The breakfast burgers are after a night of partying. [SEP]
4	I had to try it. I had to see what became of the space that was once the restaurant in Phoenix/Scottsdale. The design of J & G made me think Really?. As Mary Elaines the space was elegant, regal, sophisticated, refined. As J & G the space feels a Vegas restaurant. I am still recovering from that shock. I was there to give it a try. So here you go.Tasting MenuTuna Tartar (Delicious)Parmesan Risotto (needed salt, but good)Sea Bass (Excellent, so moist)Beef (Good, but tasting steak sauce was ice cold)Chocolate Cake (Wow!!!)Cocktail/ WineSidecar (awesome)Some sort of big red wine.Our waiter was and explained the menu very well. There were some is service so I had to keep reminding myself this is not Mary Elaines. Its a steakhouse. [SEP]
3	This really amounts to 3.5 stars. I think after seeing all of the reviews combined with my for Filipino food, my expectations were just too high.I took a few coworkers with me to check out the food and see if I had finally found a local Filipino eatery to curb my cravings. Not so much. The pancit (my Filipino entree) seemed to flavor and/or seasoning. I also wanted more meat and veggies - maybe that's just due to what I'm used to. It was more just oily noodles and that flavor I wanted. The news is the pancit is cooked to order so it's very and - just be prepared to wait a few minutes.I was also very to get some lumpia. Again, not so much. They were tiny with some mushed ingredients in them. Also again, it may be just what I am used to, but I've always had ones which are longer with more fillings - stuff you can actually see and taste what's in them.On a note, the folks there are extremely and helpful. It makes me want to it even more. I'll go back and give it another go - I'll give the chicken adobo (my other favorite) a shot for some redemption.A few tips:*If you order pancit, order first because everyone's items are not brought out at once and the rest of your party will be waiting on you.*It is a small place - to fit the 5 of us. There were only a few other tables to seat 2.I really wanted to you Karey's Kitchen... [SEP]
3	I don't usually write reviews very often (in fact ever). But I felt that the 4.5 stars does not currently reflect my previous sushi experience here. First off, the service here was really good. The waitress was really nice, very and and provided the food quickly. The food itself, was prepared well, I usually eat a lot of nigiri and the pieces are ok in amount of fish, the rice was packed and the quality of the fish was good.The major in my opinion is that its than I expected. I wish Yelp would provide 2.5 dollar signs. Granted, I did not come for Hour which ends relatively early at 5pm. I go to a lot of sushi restaurants and for the amount of fish provided, I would have expected it to be cheaper.Also, the edamame cost $$. Even the miso soup is not complimentary. Considering the above average price, I've been to too many other places that have the same price, same quality, and provided the necessities for free. Oh, I even forgot that a bowl of white rice for my child was even a charge. So, the nickel and dime of things I would have expected compounded with the surprisingly above average price, I can only say that Yen Sushi was ok. The other two people in my party (minus the children) also agree. [SEP]
4	Suede has been around for awhile now. It's no spring chicken. But I still find the place to be a time, if you can stand the wall-to-wall people and the loooong lines for the bathroom (only the ladies bathroom, of course). I think the drink prices are normal for a Scottsdale bar and they aren't any higher or lower than what you'll find at Myst, Axis/Radius or Six...strange, don't they all have the same owner?? It's a spot to go though and even if you're not feeling it, you can walk over to Axis or Pussycat and not take much time out of your night to do it since they're across the street. If it's a night, Suede plays the hip hop and rap music to dance to and the floor will be packed. On a night, the DJ is spinning techno (I'm not a fan) and my friends and I will go somewhere else for the night. There is never a cover for girls, although I think there is always one for guys on Friday and Saturday nights. Guys have to dress up a little too...I think Suede follows the no hat rule and the bouncer may take a look at your shoes too- guys can't wear sandals or sneakers (I think!) So definitely call and get their updated dress code before you head out. [SEP]
4	Very food with huge portions. [SEP]
4	I havne't been into Radio Milano quite as many times as I have been into Postino, but I have to say of those times I have, I was impressed. They have valet parking which in this neighborhood is a huge plus!Their menu has many different dishes to choose from along with the daily special that always sounds great. The other night when some friends and I stopped in the special was short rib ravioli, yum right? Well, I wasn't able to fiund out, as they were sold out for the evening. I instead got the linguini with clams, and I am I did. One of the tastiest things I have eaten in awhile. It was with a light cream/butter sauce with garlice and leeks and clams. If you clams I would deffinatly this dish, it's perfect!They also have some things on the menu you I am to try next time I stop in; deviled eggs, olive oil cake, and their mac 'n cheese.Their wine list was nice, decently priced as well. Radio Milano has a inviting feel, anyone can have a time. Just be mindfull that it is an open room, and talking to your neighbor as if you were at a football game is not the most thing to do. I wish the ladies that were out for a batchlorette party that night could have gotten the memo, they were is an understatment. None the less, we had a dinner. [SEP]
5	Tim is really a very and guy. He will tell you what you need or what can wait. This place is going to! It will save you tons of money! [SEP]
5	When we first got here I felt until I realized the zoo is much larger than it first appears. Particularly of checking out - the lions and tigers. Also do not pass up the monkey walk. The little squirrel monkeys are to watch. Be sure to shell out the extra bucks to feed the giraffes. It's a unique experience to be so close to these large, yet gentle, creatures. Definitely my part of my visit.Visit Date: 11/19/09 [SEP]
5	Decided to call CityWide based on online reviews. We suspected a slab and a really repair. Robert showed up within 20 minutes, determined the source of the within 5 minutes, and it turned out to be something really simple and inexpensive. He repaired it with a brand new line, we paid, and he left within a half hour of us calling CityWide. Very professional, friendly, and efficient! Would definitely CityWide for anyone's plumbing needs. [SEP]
5	Potbelly, you have been handed the torch.It was a ride Jimmy Johns, but you have no locations close to my newly purchased home. Its not you, its me. I promise.I italian-style subs. The at Potbelly is fantastic. The salad is also (for a salad). This place is my new go to sub shack. [SEP]
2	This place came by the hotel and some colleagues in Phoenix so my expectations were high.I went with the of the waiter and chose the salmon -- mistake. It was dried up and had zero flavor. The potatoes and asparagus that accompanied the dish however were cooked perfectly. I also had the salad to start, which was more two mini-wedges. presentation on the salad, but sort of with 1/2 a devil's egg in the middle of the plate. but and a little too small with the portion size. After all, iceberg lettuce is cheap. The waiter was and staff were all nice. Not sure I would ever go back. [SEP]
5	Okay, this just might sum it up... I YOGURTLAND WITH ALL OF MY HEART! Go get some yogurt, the end. No but seriously, do go. :) All of these yogurt places have been popping up everywhere the past couple years, and when Mojo opened up at the Biltmore I it, but it was far away. Then, yogurtland opened up next to where I live and i discovered it WAS BETTER! Sooo many flavors, and they change a few of them out every once in awhile. They have all the normal yogurt toppings, plus white chocolate sauce, chocolate sauce, and caramel sauce. Hello? Isn't this supposed to be healthy? Haha, it actually is if you take of their freshly cut fruit. I just it. I took my brother and he is the first person I've seen to grab the biggest cup they have, I asked him why and he said, It's so good, I can take some home and put it in the freezer for later. My is pistachio yogurt with gummie bears! Record is 5 times in one week... message me if you've beat that. [SEP]
3	Honestly, I cupcakes. I said in my Bakery review, eating a cupcake, unlike a slice of cake, gives one a sense of accomplishment. I cupcakes. I the sense of you get from eating a cupcake. You may have had a day, but you finished an entire cupcake. That's validation. It makes me happy.Sprinkles is a place to go for a sugar fix, but I have to say there are some negatives. I have had a dry cupcake there. They are a bit on the side.The of all? Their red velvet is a southern style light chocolate cake with a cream cheese frosting. I have to disagree. I don't detect any cream cheese flavor in that frosting.The first time I devoured a Sprinkles cupcake it was magical. I was particularly with the black and white- Belgian chocolate with creamy vanilla frosting. I was in a shoebox Los Angeles apartment and the cupcakes seemed of size. The next time was the new location am currently reviewing and they were consumed in a larger-than-shoebox Chandler house. They seemed a little small. The third time was in my car- a Subaru Baja, and the cupcakes, again seemed sizable. I'd have to think that consuming a Sprinkles cupcake in an SUV would not be a idea- the cupcake to eating space ratio would be all off. For true cupcake validation, I'll drive the 35.9 miles to Wicked.Ok- you caught me. I might stop by for an fix if I happen to be in the area, but I'll be thinking of Slade at Wicked... and I'll be consuming my confection in a small space. [SEP]
1	And then it all changed...I think this is my very first review that has been demoted to 1 star after being on the coveted 5 star for a long time. So, where do I start. After feeling dog for a few days, I finally decided to walk-in to this place because that's what they do now supposedly. They take walk in patients who are seen by the NP. I signed in at 8:20 and was not called in the back until 10:00am. Then I waited another 35 minutes for the NP to come in and see me. By the time everything was over, it was 11:00am before I walked out of this place. I asked to talk to Brenda, the office manager and was brushed off twice. Supposedly she is going to call me but would not see me when i was there for two and a half hours! I guess she didn't have the balls to face me at that point. What could she have said really? The front desk lady did a screw up and let another walk in go before me even though he came 10 minutes after I had already signed in. When I pointed that out, she said he came before me and I had to show her the sign in chart. Instead of apologizing, she just kept doing what she was busy doing without acknowledging her mistake. When the NP did come see me, she a couple of key things in my chart that she totally should have asked me about. I was quite appalled. I had to point out a deathly that I have even though it should already be in my chart. My final analysis: In my opinion, don't go here if your health and time are to you. [SEP]
4	food and atmosphere. Had lunch there on a Friday afternoon. Parking is a bit of a challenge. Had the pork pita which had onions, bell peppers, and pepper jack cheese...awesome...The burgers are too! The service was excellent. [SEP]
5	What an time. I am writing my first YELP review about the MOJO Yogurt I visited yesterday afternoon. There were so many flavors to choose from and the people there were to pass out tiny little sample cups. It was a challenge narrowing down my selections to a few flavors but I somehow managed. I ended up with Birthday Cake (that's right, there is Birthday Cake flavored yogurt, life IS good), Cafe Latte, and the Original Tart. After throwing on a few gummy bears I was a girl. I see in other reviews that some about pricing but I am to pay a little extra for quality and happiness. [SEP]
4	My husband and I frequent this restaurant quite a bit. We use to be huge of the Ahi Tuna burger with potato fries (the fries rock). Unfortunately, they removed the Ahi Tuna burger from the menu which was very disappointing. I do the Tiki fish sandwich though. I do which that they would included a fish sandwich on their lunch menu on the weekend. Although, when I have gone for lunch on the weekend and have asked if they can make a fish sandwich they have always accommodated me. I would give this place 5 star, but I think their one is their brunch menu. I took a friend there for lunch because we their dinner and lunch menu so much, but it was very disappointing. We ordered Mary's and had to send them back because the horseradish was overwhelming. In fact, all you could taste was horseradish, no tomato juice or anything. All three of us sent them back and they could remake them because they were part of a batch that they pre-mixed - UGH! Plus, I was the only one that my breakfast. My husband and friend were not impressed. Also, I their Hawaiian fish ceviche - yum!! [SEP]
4	I used to this place. It was fun, and hip and the food was good. The calamari salad with arugula was da and still is. The food was definitely when it first opened. If you drink alcohol to the wait staff then it's not so bad. The wait staff are unprofessional and could give 2 rats about your dining experience; but all you have to do is tip accordingly and hopefully they'll shape up. There are way too many places in Scottsdale to return here. I think I will give it one more shot. It is a b/c the food is decent. [SEP]
4	On a winter day, the craving for in a bowl makes a person do things. It found me driving to a kind of part of Mesa, while braving the winds in search of a bowl of phò.My new grail of Vietnamese restaurants is Phú Thành, located in a rundown strip mall on Southern and Extension. A Vietnamese restaurant is usually kind of old, slightly dingy and cheap, and in this case all the basics were met and exceeded.Phú Thành is a no-frills kind of place. Inside it screams for a makeover. Though from another era, it is and functional. The service is and the kitchen is fast.There might be a slight familiarity here the owners of Phú Thành and my central Vietnamese joint Da Vàng are brothers. The menus of the two places are almost identical, and they offer a lot.The No. 50 Chà Giò ($2) is what Vietnamese cooking is all about. Two golden-brown, crunchy egg rolls filled with shrimp and pork are hands on and interactive. Served with a plate of lettuce leaves and herbs, you wrap the egg roll in lettuce and garnish with mint and cilantro, then dunk them into the house-made n?òc châm, a and spicy dipping sauce. The lettuce and herbs cut through the of the egg roll, which on its own might be slightly oily.Applying the same hands-on approach, the No. 54 Bánh Xèo ($3.95) replaces the rolls with a pan-fried rice flour crepe. The exterior is slightly crispy, while the interior is filled with shrimp and bean sprouts. Of all the Bánh Xèo I've tried, this version is by far my favorite. It's full of flavor and texture.Phó (pronounced the word) is not only to say, but to eat. Eight versions of the noodle soup are offered, from traditional beef to chicken. Pay attention to the menu description when ordering since you might wind up with cuts of meat.I'm and the textures of beef tendon and tripe, so I was in when my steaming bowl of No. 1 Phò Phú Thành ($4.95) arrived. The broth was with clove and star anise. This really should be made into an air freshener.Along with the condiments at the table, the soup comes with a plateful of basil and bean sprouts. But also include limes and chilis to add texture, flavor and depth to your pho experience.For something hearty and comforting, the No. 7 Mì Bò Kho ($4.75) is a bowl of chewy egg noodles filled with a beef stew. pieces of stewed carrots and beef the and flavors of the and tasty brew.If you're carbohydrate loading, order a slab of French bread to absorb all of the bone-warming elixir at the bottom of the bowl.For food this, a little is the drive. [SEP]
5	Thanks to Yelp I was able to find this hidden jewel. The place looks a spanish style motel converted into a restaurant. With a garden in the back. I had already eaten so didn't intend on a 2nd breakfast. But GF only allowed me a few bites so I had to ask Chris to whip up another plate for me. It was my first time having chilled salmon done that way and it was so good. Everything tasted so fresh. For the price you get to drink all you want. And I must have had at least 10 glasses of the orange juice with mixed berries. The food and the atmosphere reminds me of eating in Napa, CA. Will definitely return when I'm in town. [SEP]
5	This is one of my new favorites places to bring people who are from out of town. It's something different that I think real Foodies will enjoy. Although the restaurant itself is and cramped, it's going to over and over again. I ordered the Shepherd's Pie Pasty, it was very filling and delicious. Although I had to wait 20 minutes for it, it was waiting for a out of the oven pasty. But if you're ever in a rush, a thing about this place, is that you can call ahead and request for them to start cooking your pasty so that it is to be served once you arrive. [SEP]
5	Apparently fellow yelper Andrew and I are meeting in our dreams over maple bacon creme brulee! I'm seriously to see that I am not the only one having subconcious yearnings for this lil dab of in a cup! All of the products are notch though and who doesn'tlike creme brulee? Communists maybe? Chef Eric is and so too. [SEP]
4	Thanks to Sara V. I learned about Total Wine & More through her and when i heard they were opening up locations in Phoenix, I was excited. Anywho, 6 visits later, I can honestly say I'm a fan of total wine and moreso than BevMo. I that there's a wide selection of wines from all over. My favorites are Riesling, Moscato, Rose, Pinot Noirs and wines. Yes, I the kinds.Anywho, my most recent visit, had me buying two kinds of Rieslings both recommended, a Bree and the other one a German Riesling. I recently had Moscato the night before and loved, it was apple cider and very flavor, with it's apple and undertones...simply delish! The Juice Moscato was YUM and elegant. I totally the selection not just for wines but for beers as well. I that I can by some hoegardaan for and I the wine tastings going on. The staff's and overall I the layout and the prices! [SEP]
5	I this place, sure its kinda and in the middle of an office but those donut holes chocolate cake not the glazed ones are good! Not to mention the NINJA BOWLS!! God get the Sizzling ninja, that off with a egg, and pineapple, get with some brown rice and white chicken and then DRENCH that bowl with NINJA SAUCE AND SRIRACHA (which comes standard btw) AMAZING! Don't your life away without having one of these ninja bowls at this donut shop, i never thought i would be able to say that statement with a straight face but i did! And for those wondering they don't serve pirates (some will understand this fact) Also if you come back a few times they might throw some donut holes at YOUR FACE NINJA STARS!! I they don't throw them but you may get some for (really though)! [SEP]
4	There's no way to find out about a new eatery than to receive a gift card to one you've never been to (or heard of, for that matter). This happened to me when I received a gift card to Bakery. Being new to Phoenix, of course I Yelp'd it to find one nearby. I located this on on the SWC of Bell Rd and 7th Street while up at Sam's Club. Bakery has sandwiches, salads, soups, sides, and of course -- the bakery items! At this location, you can eat in or take out. I the Turkey Bacon or the Turkey Cranberry with a side of their mac 'n' cheese and a drink. Getting this combo also scores you a cookie! This location is in the shopping area with a huge Target and many other stores, so the parking is hit or miss, depending on the time of day/week. And PB's prices are just a bit for what they serve...good food, but still a bit pricey. [SEP]
5	leaf tea spot in the North Phoenix area. You can have a cup/pot of tea in-house, or buy a of teas to go.HUGE selection of leaf teas. If you're a tea fan, a visit to Souvia is a must-do. [SEP]
5	I have eaten here several times before...and I don't think I have ever left upset, I've always my meals, but this time I can honestly say that I all of my courses! I was with a group of four other girls. We all started off with the amuse. It was some sort of sous vide duck on toast. It was really good. Next we had our choice out of four starters...I along with three other girls had the sauteed scallop. So beautiful! Four out of five of us ordered the beef tenderloin. It melted in my mouth...It was cooked. The only thing is that I wanted more! Finally, you get to chose from four desserts. I don't sweets, so I always bring it home to the kids. But, they are so beautiful! Now for the price...my meal was only $13 for everything! It doesn't get any than that. I also ordered the orangecello for an extra $3. it!Only part is that we were the only table there...Makes me sad! Everyone is missing out.Our server also took us on a tour of the school afterwards! [SEP]
4	If you're in the mood for a foodie adventure, I've got just the thing. A trip to the Caribbean! Head on over to Tempe and enter A Taste of the Caribbean restaurant. The yellow and green walls, red floor and outdoor furniture will make you feel you've arrived. It's kind of scruffy and laid back - this is not the place to come for a quick bite. First of all, you have to make the decision about what to order. Oxtails or goat? chicken, of course, or do you want the milder brown chicken? Fish? There's snapper, tilapia, and shrimp. The menu is divided up into Caribbean Favorites, Friday and Saturday Menu, Lunch Specials, Rice Bowl Specials and Plate Specials. If all this has your head spinning, you're not alone. Our server, part of the family who own and run the place, seemed equally confused. But she was charming. Just accept it, and the service as part of the experience - don't worry, be happy. We ordered oxtails ($11.95) and Eggplant Curry Shrimp ($9.95). The oxtails, in a brown sauce, were fall-off-the-bone tender, fatty, as oxtails are, and totally delicious. The accompanying plantains were caramelized and a little crunchy. Perfection. A huge mound of rice and peas filled the center of the plate - moist and seasoned. And finally, a side of cabbage. There must have been a little sugar in the cooking pan, because it was delicious. Served on the side was a basket of roti, a homemade flatbread, similar to a flour tortilla but much softer. It was so we our fingers trying to pull off a piece. We had finished off the oxtails when the eggplant dish arrived (they were supposed to have come out together - it's a thing we to share). Be forewarned, this curry is not for the faint-of-mouth. I wasn't expecting the degree of heat - my nose started running and my eyes watered. But it was bliss, with flavor layered on flavor. The shrimp were cooked, although I wouldn't have minded a few more, and the eggplant was so it was almost melting into the gravy. There were also some pieces of potato, which had not been mentioned on the menu, hiding in there. The heap of rice and peas mitigate some of the heat. As you might have gathered, between the roti, the plantains, the rice and peas,and the potatoes, this is a carb-lovers paradise. Two things: a wide of Caribbean sodas are sold here, but no ice tea. And the rest rooms are in a different building than the restaurant. The only was dessert. I got a pineapple tart to take home (I couldn't have eaten another carb if my life depended on it). Our server had said it was the of the two desserts available. Uh-oh. The tart was really - a smidgen of pineapple filling wedged between layers of leaden dough, and greasy. I was I hadn't eaten it at the restaurant, because it would have put a ending onto an otherwise meal. [SEP]
5	I picked up some brownies as holiday treats this year and they did not disappoint! These are the richest, chocolatiest, moistest, biggest (3 square) brownies you will find! I'm tellin' ya! TOTALLY the drive to Gilbert - except they're taking their own holiday now, so you'll have to wait until after Jan. 4, 2010 to get your fix! Still, the drive and the wait!! [SEP]
5	No question -- my burger in the valley!I first got turned on to Lobbys at a Yelp Office Hours -- http://www.yelp.com/biz/september-office-hours-at-lobbys-tempe#hrid:kQOElzgklMRbAyWS8LhVFw - - and by my check-ins, you can see i've frequented there since. I've tried a lot of other burgers -- 5 Guys, Smashburger, etc - but IMHO, none of them stack up to the food and the experience at Lobbys. The burgers at Lobbys are so that I crave them --I want to drive across town or plan out my day so that I'm in the area to get one! I just feel that there's more quality ingredients with a Lobbys burger -- the bun, the taste, the way the cheese melts over the whole patty, the special sauce, and the burger itself. And just as Lynn W says the service is truly here and He (Lobby) really cares about his business and it shows. I've many friends to check out Lobbys and have brought a few friends here -- everyone has it! Especially my Chicago friends that live in the valley. Lobbys burgers is that raised bar that I measure all other burger joints to. [SEP]
5	By far the asian market in the entire valley! I first discovered Lee Lee's tempe location and was so when they opened this location in the west valley. selection from produce, meats, and asian. The staff is nice. Never have had a experience in all the years. Shelves are and organized. Prices are too. [SEP]
4	I pass by it everyday and my son goes to the daycare in the same center so I had been wanting to try it. I just recently started wine so of course I was about trying something new. We were greeted away, and seated at a table that felt we had to shout to one another - haha... so we moved to the little couch in the corner which was a 100% improvement. but casual and very comfy... and close to the tv (basketball). They played Sade all night which I really enjoyed... I her.Our waiter seemed kinda at first and he did forget about us a couple times... but he made up for it with glasses of wine, so we forgave him. We tasted an Ausi white wine but I didn't care for it. Then we tried the Gewürztraminer which I really liked. I guess I go for German whites??? But I'll be the first to admit I have no idea what the I'm talking about when it comes to wine :o) But I do look forward to lots of learning!Anyway, we ordered the bruscetta for a little snack which were all very good. *Smoked Salmon, mascarpone & taramosalata*Dates drenched in soy sauce with spicy Chorizo (my 2nd fav,mmm spicy!)*Fig, Prosciutto & Brie (both our favs)*Sun dried tomato, gorganzola & walnuts (we actually ordered the artichoke but got this by mistake, but we both it - and I'm not a huge sun-dried tomato fan either)I can't wait to go back and try more wine and more of the sounding food! Crocodile, kangaroo, panini's... YUM! [SEP]
4	I minimalism. If you can class up a place with a less-is-more approach, then you've the abilities of 95% of the American population. for the Cen Pholks Lisa G has this aptitude that transcends through her decor and into her simplistic, but organic food.Now, here's my deal: you put prosciutto on your menu and and I'm gonna get b-boy on your hardwood floors Ozone in Breakin' 2. Lisa G's breakbeats the out of their prosciutto sandwich with caramelized onions, parm cheese, fig jam, and arugula on an Italian loaf. A side of balls and their Alamos Ridge Malbec and I'm fresh.Service? Never had a experience, but who cares? The food outshines any of a young dine-in. [SEP]
5	This was definitely the meal of this year's holiday trip....The Kale Caesar! is a very interpretation of the timeless classic. We the melted Scamorza cheese. I had the Applewood Smoked Duck for my entree, accompanied by a glass of the Siduri pinot from Willamette. The wine was with the cherry sauce, besides the fact that pinot is a pairing with duck. A glass of Siduri for $12 is a deal, too. I the way the duck was prepared, too, and it did not weigh me down afterwards duck often can, either.My wife had the buttermilk roasted chicken along with a glass of their (and delicious) interpretation of sangria. Roasted Brussels sprouts and corn are part of the presentation. Dessert was the Dream Pudding Jar. We always get about an original dessert dish, and this one did not disappoint.Service was notch all the way, also. [SEP]
4	Oh Orange Table, what can I say about you? I am, to say the least, a regular here. Completely by default, of course, given that I directly over this little coffee shop. The food here: amazing. The coffee: the best. The atmosphere: perfect. So why only four stars? Because the service can be absolutely at times. Given, there are a few star performers here who give it their all, their ass, and never forget a customer's name. And Sue, the owner, really seems to genuinely care about each and every person that walks in the door. But the service is so unwaveringly that I am often prevented from eating here due to time constraints. Example: I once ordered a cup of soup to go-- soup, mind you, that is completely and cooked, just sitting in a big tureen in the back-- and it took 35 minutes. So, yes, the food is fresh, inventive, delectable. The prosciutto is shipped in from Italy. The bread is natural and baked locally. The chef's in the kitchen are geniuses, whipping up sandwiches, salads, appetizers, all completely and filling. But you absolutely must have the time to wait for it. I've never had anything I didn't like! [SEP]
4	Delicious, (for how much you actually get), and oh yeah, delicious.I this place. I easily take home food for 3 meals. and people. [SEP]
4	I that it's all a self serve line. You pick your yogurt and can mix flavors and then add any other toppings you want! Fabulous! [SEP]
1	Found the doctor via his website and called for an appointment. The ladies that answer the phone are so I felt I made a choice. I was taken into the room and a girl asked me questions and told me the doctor would be in. He came in quickly and asked if I would mind if someone that was following him would be present. Fine. The other guy walked in along with a lady (medical assistant maybe). No one introduced either of them. Dr. Racette didn't ask me one question and didn't address any of my concerns. He seemed to even brush off the questions I asked or responded with brusqueness. It was very as a to be asking questions about serious topics skin and feel blown off. He prescribed a cream for me and was walking out the door minutes after seeing me and said he would have someone come in with the script. He never talked to me about how the cream or what it does. awful. Too it off, they were supposed to call me with test results. I had to call them and the gal that answered said, no one called you with the results yet?: NO!! Will not see this doctor again. but I actually doctors that care to take the time and actually address my questions and make me feel comfortable, not take 5 minutes to rush me through an appointment. [SEP]
5	I honestly just got home from visiting Farm! I headed out their way because I wanted to try their milk - we are trying to spend our $$ on local businesses. It was to actually speak to the people who raise the cows and see the cows with my own eyes! We ended up staying for about two hours! Everyone was so friendly. We bought our gallon of milk ($3.49) and some butter ($4.99) and then stayed for lunch. Chef Matt - I hope I didn't forget his name!- introduced himself while we were buying milk and we decided to stay for lunch . The kids a kid's cheeseburger and I had the chicken salad - sandwich. It was fantastic!! After lunch we visited the baby cows, the goats, and then stopped and had a big glass of flavored milk ($1 each - grape for my 2 yr old daughter and chocolate for my 4 yr old son). Everyone is so here - my children it and did not want to leave. the 40-ish minute drive out there. (We live in South Phoenix) [SEP]
4	I tried this place on a of a friend. Their yogurt is really good. The peanut butter flavor was and creamy. They also had a wide array of toppings. The only is they were a bit pricey. I had the small cup whcich was not even full but once it was weighed cost almost 4 dollars. I would still say very yummy and trying. [SEP]
4	Good, Cheap, Chinese and Food - add Buffett and it is explains why Outlook has recurring event function. I would be tempted to live off the $3.50 lunch specials, but I would up my with time and gas.Combos come with rice, egg roll, crab puff and chicken wing.A la Carte comes with soup, rice, and cookie (Take out = no soup)Menu does not have some standards, i.e., almond chicken - but cashew is certainly acceptable.Sauce but thin, flavors are not bold, and spicy is not. However, value for $ is substantial and got plenty of spicy with addition of oil.They are tucked into a strip mall with little to no visibility. My sister has lived less than a mile from there for years and did not know it was there. I would not have found this place without Yelp -Thank You. [SEP]
5	We use yelp.com anytime we are out of town and want a place to eat. We weren't again...Ramiro's is great...generous portions, prices, huge selection...you can even get most everything ala carte. We were visiting my parents and told them about Ramiro's. They said they have driven by many, many times...not any more! I had the biggest, carnitas chimichanga I have ever seen. Can't wait to come back and have the taco salad. Don't drive by this place! [SEP]
5	The Gelato ever...EVER!!! Yeah I said it. What? Seriously, the customer service I've experienced since the '70s. By the time I ordered I was nearly full because they customers to try everything - easily 20 different favors to sample and choose from. My favorites are the chocolate, salted caramel, champagne, and black cherry. We've visited multiple times and have never been - same quality service and deliciousness every time. My kids referred them to a friend and he owner gave my kids gelato on their next visit - they their customers. If your looking for your next vice, check this place out! [SEP]
3	10/12Friendly and quick, although I had to point out a few spots where extra attention was needed (tar on one side was initially observed as paint scratch, until I told them to check it again). I also found a few spots that could've used another one or two swipes of the towel, and the sunglass case was never touched and thus dirty. Be sure to visit during the early part of the week, and not on the weekend to grab the deals- I paid $100 for both interior and exterior detailing. Am so with the overall results- the spots between the bottom of my car seats and the floor are completely of caked-on food debris (I am living in the middle of the desert, after all) from a few mishaps throughout the years! [SEP]
1	I'm sorry. You're too busy to look up my club card information? Too busy too push the button to do the search, enter my phone number and click ok?I took the time once upon whenever to sign up for your card. And now, you can't take 5 seconds to look it up for me? Let me clue you in, the cashiers here have always looked it up. It always takes 5-10 seconds at most! customer service. Insert here for the uneducated.Other Big Lots this hasn't been a problem. Just the one. [SEP]
4	I Thai food and I'm not a huge fan of curry but this place has changed my mind. Very priced and always a option at lunch because they handle the traffic very well. Not only am I back on the Thai bandwagon but my dish is the green curry seafood. [SEP]
5	Still a place to eat. A little further from Los Tacos in AJ (home for me) since Los Tacos closed, i frequent here more often..It is good.. I want to add that their green corn tamales are GREAT! their Green sauce seems to be a choice here on YELP's reviews. I it a lot too!I plan to order more tamales for the holidays! hurrah! [SEP]
4	Anyone who asks, are you a vegan to weight? should come to Green and eat their words. And everything else.In fact, I usually end up at Green with non-vegetarian friends because they claim that it's Food you can eat that I actually like. Every dish is addictive, flavorful, saucy, and filling. hits include the chicken thai peanut bowl, the singapore tofu bowl (although the meats are a to out on), the vegan BBQ chicken sammich (I just watched a carnivorous friend down this with the and voracity of a young velociraptor), and then there are the eternally specials.Even though you'll probably be stuffed post-meal... make room for dessert. It's mind over matter anyway. Order a Tsoynami - they're McFlurries with vegan ice cream and epic swirl ins. Standouts include Tsoynamis filled with anything from chocolate fudge, bananas, kitkats, hazlenut brittle, mint oreos and more.On a another note, this is also the only vegan restaurant in the Tempe/Scottsdale area with a lively, hip atmosphere. Even if you steak more than anything in the world (and there are steak po'boys, might I add) at least stop by for a chocolate chip cookie and check out the of the place. [SEP]
1	After landing in PHX but before embarking on a 2.5 hour drive to Flagstaff, i thought Wendy's would be a and place to grab some food on the go...well, I was wrong.* Chicken Nuggets: dry, freezer-burned meat with extra double-fried shell.* French Fries: hot, crunchy, over-fried french-fry-shaped fry-shells. so and crunchy that i thought i was eating french-fry chips.* Junior Bacon Cheese Burger: bacon and burger meat both tasted dehydrated.Guess what, last thing I want after a 4hr flight and landing in 100+ weather is hot, dry, crunchy, tasteless food! [SEP]
3	Luci's is a neighborhood spot to buy your health foods, drop in for a coffee or made baked good, or pick up some beer or meat on the way home. I agree with Pamela's sentiment about it being a marriage of TJ's and Hi-Health with AJ's prices. I've had a couple of cups of coffee here, but in the 10-12 times I've been they have always been very and have remedied any very quickly. If it wasn't on my route, I may not stop here much though. Trader Joe's and Hi-Health are next door to each other at 20/Camelback and you can save a ton of money if you do it that way! [SEP]
4	I must say that this place was nothing I expected when I read that we finally had an Parisian patisserie in the Valley, owned by two REAL PARISIANS! I envisioned a warm, casual shop with croissants, danishes, cakes, etc. the places I experienced in Paris. to say my expectations were way off - I should have been thinking less mom-and-pop Paris bake-shop and more Payard Patisserie, with pastry of art in a stark, hip space. We shared two desserts, a blueberry something-or-other and a tart, and both were fantastic! So while it's a little more 8th Arrondissement than casual 5th, it's still Paris in Scottsdale, and who doesn't that?! [SEP]
3	Agree with most posters about the setup - left much to be desired.I was and arrived BEFORE 4:00 P.M. so I could jump in early for some short and lines. My 15-yr-old son was with me, and he's a eater, which was one reason I brought him - so he could see that there are other foods he might if he TRIED them.I got a lot of food between 4:00 and 4:30, when the lines were short. I probably got to try 10 trucks before we left at 5:07. We went back to some trucks more than twice or three times when we found something we liked.My advice for future events:1. Help the trucks deliver the samples FASTER. Not sure how - maybe get them an extra staff member? But the samples on some trucks were coming SLOWLY, so that needs to improve.2. location, maybe not on dirt, and maybe a little larger. Once the lines got up to 20-30 people, the going was and it was taking a long time to get your samples.3. Maybe a lower price for tickets? Seemed kinda for the amount of food each person received.All in all, I the FOOD, but the rest of the logistics, not so much. [SEP]
5	I was when I kept hearing how Jimmy John's is. So I went in, and found my new sandwich spot! The inside was very noisey, but I the atmosphere. The bread had an taste, and when I inquired about the difference between 2 sandwiches, the cashier was very helpful. [SEP]
1	Walked in during late lunch hour. Did not get acknowledged for about 5 mins. When I finally got sat down, and served my salad, I found a hair in it. Got no apology. Just a sigh firm the waitress when she took it away. You can't pay me to go back here. The waiters are rude. [SEP]
3	I have been to this place twice and I have had both extremes. The Good: Shannon, California Sea Bass, Michelle (Manager's) Customer ServiceThe Bad: Calamari, Our last waiter's breathThe first visit to this establishment was our encounter with Shannon. Shannon was a as our waitress. She made our first visit absolutely fun. My wife had a tilapia dish that she was less than enamored with but I had the California Sea Bass and that tasted very good. In fact, it was so that I not getting a glass of Chardonnay to go with it. The fish had a very texture and taste.Our second visit was our first encounter with the calamari. As our guest so said, If this was my first impression of calamari, I would not have it. The calamari was overcooked and there was so much oil running on the plate. We called this to Michelle's attention and she agreed 100% that the dish was not prepared properly. She gave us a coupon to come back there and eat at any time. However, our waiter's breath was another story. Whenever he spoke, I could his pungent (trust me, a lot than what I really wanted to say) breath to the point I almost donned a gas mask. There are very few things that would cause me to my appetite. His breath and the calamari with more grease than a Jiffy Lube the feat. [SEP]
4	I at bowling, and yet I it. I that I can something some consider a sport. I that it's totally ok that you aren't any good. A group of people who aren't at something can have a time doing it talking about how they are. This is my designated bowling center. Sure, we go lots of other places, but this is always a central location. Plus, the fact that it's so close to the Biz is a definite bonus! (I've had several years of Bowling & Boogie themed Birthdays...I'm a geek, but I'm ok with that.)Though I've always called ahead just in case, I've never had getting a lane or two here. The food is too in a way that only bowling alley food can be. And what the is it about Bowling Alley bars??? My friend has a theory that the the drinks the more games you'll play - both to keep drinking and then to up before you go home. The facilities are a bit older, and you'll find a few areas that could use a bit of freshening up from years of wear, but I don't mind that kind of thing so much in a bowling alley. Hopefully you won't either. [SEP]
5	I used Full Circle Auto Body after my daughter's car was in an accident. They were very knowledgable and about insurance and got the car repaired quickly. They post of your vehicle with photos on their website which is so cool. I'll definitely use them again if the occassion arises. [SEP]
3	Monday evening at 5:30p....The streets are empty....we walk into the bar looking for a Hour beer while we wait for a Yelp event to get started a few doors down. Noticing a couple of people on the sidewalk we expected more people inside....*crickets chirping* [You'd hear them if it wasn't for a few of the TVs that had their volume turned up.] The interior was welcoming and clean...but why are we the only ones here...The bartender was rather and sauntered over he was wishing he could be somewhere else too. We had a leisurely beer and tabbed out....I may have to check out this place again if I find myself in the area. [SEP]
2	This place not recommend, food was cold, rice was soggy, lettuce wilted, and beans runny. [SEP]
4	A place to experience some unique and dishes. The Stetson Chop, of course, is the highlight of my Cowboy Ciao experience, as it tends to be for many others. But I've also had trying other things on their menu, such as the Mini Mushroom Fry, a less alternative to the entree version. [SEP]
5	I am basing this review solely on the Cauliflower Soup. in a cup. We had Zupas cater lunch at the office, so I can't speak to the actual restaurant. But man, I wish I had a bucket of that soup. [SEP]
4	I had southwest salad. red velvet cheesecake mmmmmmm [SEP]
5	When a man in love, it's a special thing. Not because his calloused hands and heart are finally softening. Not even because he has found something that completes his very living soul. It's special because he is simply, and utterly....happy.Ladies and Gentleman of Yelp....I have found the pizza that makes me happy.I heard all the hype...best pizza in the country, Oprah says it's the best, The Food Network hypes it up, Chris Bianco learned how to make pizza from Jesus. Ok, I made up the last one.My friend and pizza aficionado, Lance has been known to drive in from Los Angeles...just for this pizza, and then he would drive home. Sometimes, he'd even fly in. It had to be good, right? Tonight, I chose Pizzeria Bianco for my birthday dinner because of the hype. I had made a attempt to dine here once, but myself and the individual I was with, we both were intimidated by the 3 hour wait. Is any pizza three hours? That's a personal judgment call. That night, I ended up dining at Nobuo, across the path....and it was a meal.I digress. I've been preparing for this trip. I read up on various press articles, and discovered that as of last week, they are open for lunch AND Mondays! Perfect. Tonight, I dined with my parents. My dining companions. We sat down in the very dining space. No wait at all. Perhaps, people don't know that they are open on Mondays. by me.The decor is nice. Simple, with a cucina feel. The brick oven is the star of this place. Clearly.We ordered some bread to get started. It came with a little cup of high end olive oil. Fantastic! The crust was crisp, and the bread was chewy to the point where you can't help but when you eat this.The pizza is phenomenal. We ordered two pizzas (for three people). One was half Rosa and half Margherita, the other was the Biancoverde. This way we were able to try three different kinds of pizza .All three styles were phenomenal. The of the three was the Margherita. The tomato sauce doesn't overpower, the mozzarella melts a dream, and a hint of basil. The Rosa was unique, and also delicious. The Arizona pistachios take some getting used to, but pairs with the red onion. The Biancoverde was much more complex. Definitely a hearty pizza because of the ricotta cheese. Very tasty. It's topped with arugala, so you will get a earthy, and flavor. Usually when I eat pizza, I take a bite of the crust, and then I leave the rest. Not here. I went through the entire pizza slice because it's perfect. Chewy, crispy, and full of happy!Take it from me....this place is the hype. Look at the reviews from other Yelpers. Even the ones this place.Maybe it's true. Maybe Chris Bianco did learn how to make pizza from Jesus. Sure as tastes it.Now if you are wondering about the other stuff, it was also a five star experience: staff and attentive, and the bathrooms are spotless.Worth the 3 hour wait? YES. Bring all your friends here? YES. Will I the awesome? YES.#300 [SEP]
5	I'm usually not a fan of indoor tanning but post baby I felt I needed a little pick me up color. I chose this place because of their prices- 3 tans in a lay down bed for 17 dollars. The staff is so and and I got a brown tint after a couple of sessions. [SEP]
2	I have been coming to xtreme bean for several years and it is still a generally place. the coffee is average or below, the tea selection is good, the atmosphere is ok but same old. The current staff is and act children yelling, and even barking, at high decibels. I've never seen anything it anywhere. I'll have to think twice about coming back if this continues. [SEP]
4	This place is GREAT! I must have passed it a million times without knowing that it was tucked away in the complex. The sushi was awesome, the drinks were very reasonabally priced, we the decor and the atmosphere was very nice, kinda if you are seated in the back away from the sushi bar. The service was great! We will definitely be going back. [SEP]
5	I their food. Everything has been delicious, though my is Bahn Mi inspired fish sandwich. Get it with a side of kale salad! [SEP]
5	I crave their jalapeno rice. AMAZING! [SEP]
2	Not good.Very Thai food, ugh, the two words do not belong together, and Thai!The Peanut sauce was the ever.The Pad Thai and Tom Ka Gai soup were blech.Fresh rolls large but no flavor.The service was though.Just disappointing. [SEP]
4	cafe and it doesn't matter what you order. Breakfast - Lunch - you can't miss. [SEP]
5	had a cap steak for the first time. steak i have ever had. Would to anyone. [SEP]
5	this place is amazing! So many flavors to choose from!!!! I this place!!!! [SEP]
4	Went here with some friends and the pizza was good. The ricotta cheese and tomato toppings were and and very tasty. However, what I remember is a peachy-vanilla-martini which definitely got me a little tipsy, even before I finished it! But I'm also a lightweight. The atmosphere was casual and very well-lit. I their ceiling-high windows. Their service was and quick. 4 stars. [SEP]
5	Postino's in Gilbert was stunning! outdoor/indoor atmosphere. Food and wine were as expected! What another addition to the Postino family! it!!!!! [SEP]
1	Absolutely of time & space is this establishment. Don't checking in with the host to be seated as I saw many people just seat themselves although there was a 20 min wait for others, the staff rude, & could possibly be where all the servers go that can't get a job in any other Resteraunt. A complete & I would never give such a place my earned money, I suggest you do the same. [SEP]
4	Sure the food is good, but out of my last 20 take out orders they got it maybe once. The people making the food look so high you would think you were at Cheba Hut, but I just that Broccoli and Wisconsin Cheese soup! Their rye bread is always great.I the Italian quite a bit and the wife their tuna salad. place for food if they aren't too high to get your order right. [SEP]
3	When we lived in AZ, my biggest was not coming here. I've always wanted to try it.Doing our road tripping this week, I was able to. Parking was for a weekday...we went in - through the door. Oops. The server who was stocking things seemed surprised, but rolled with it. She said we could sit anywhere we wanted (we were a party of three). We chose a table for 6 so we could spread out a little and not be so squished. She immediately snapped, Not that - it's for 6 people. I almost said, Then don't tell us we can sit wherever we want... I refrained. That surly girl nearly it, but luckily our server saved the day.I saw the dog...you know, the 22 inch on the menu. I it with my friend. We didn't even finish it. It was delicious, if a bit salty. I knew it was a salt overload because in under an hour my fingers were swollen. :( Oh salt, why must I you yet be so affected by you?We didn't finish it, but definitely it. If I get this again when in town, I'll get it plain and still it with a friend. [SEP]
4	It seems totally that, not only did I out for more than an hour at a mall, but an outside one at that in 115-degree heat. I attribute my ability to withstand these two conditions to two things:Bonnie Tea Infusion It was Bonnie's choice to grab some drinks at what she described as a great, independently owned tea shop located at Tempe Marketplace. I'm not a tea connoisseur by any means, and I generally fads (i.e., this silly-sounding thing called boba tea), but I agreed cause if Bonnie it, it's gotta be checking out, right? Parking wasn't too much of a on a Sunday afternoon, and we surprisingly got a space close to an entrance to the District, just outside of Barnes and Noble. Inside, the shop looked much a Starbucks - and I don't mean to imply that it was uninspired or anything. It was clean, and consisted of a long counter behind which two employees busily hand-mixed tea and smoothie concoctions, along with a few tables/chairs. The menu was extensive and separated into black, green and white teas, any of which I could get or cold...I think. I picked the tropics white in iced form, and B got my second choice, a mix white. Both were delicious. There was also a selection of sandwiches and snacks that I did not sample - next time. I also ran into a friend there who was by the fact that they had this mystical boba, and so ordered a Chai-type version with blueberry-sized and -shaped balls floating on the bottom, and an oversized straw to sucking them up along with the drink. I tried one boba ball and it was gelatinous and chewy - not at all what I expected - and an sensation, but I would totally order one the next time I'm in. Being in the District and flanked by stores Hottie Inc. and Guess, there were several teens inside hanging out in large numbers - boo. So, we decided to sit outside for as long as we could stand it. I was surprised to find that the several shaded tables and misters made for a environment, and we out for a hour or so before I got so I have to get mobile. So, in summary, I would totally come back. Probably before or after a movie, to grab a drink and an independent store among a mecca of chain retail. Plus, across the way there is an ASU art gallery (closed Sunday and Monday) that we peeked into and actually cool, sculpture art by local artist and asu instructor David Young. Touche, the District at Tempe Marketplace - I have to say I am impressed! [SEP]
4	yo, bro, let's compare forearm tats and drink some New Castle. P.S. everyone saw you bif it on your fixie as you rolled up to the bike racks.for real, most predictable crowd ever!!!!I can talk on this place all night long, but when it comes down to it, I it. The location lends to its patrons- alternative college students living in the only historic (PHX like) neighborhood in Tempe. Plus it is next to HTC, so everyone is sure to be rocking the flyest of -50 gauges. puke.but.......the of casey's is in the cats. they are and roam around. Also, the patio ever, and lots of room. Don't go inside unless you can't get a drink b/ your waitress forgot about you (which is most likely what happened). Or if you old dudes 65+ eyefucking the outta you be my guest. Also, one night after I was there, the next morning someone had charged $2000+ on my credit card for an ad in New Times. shady......or recession? I think I know how this happened, they leave your card within an arms reach from the bar inside, face-up so any creeper with 20/20 can get a peek and thief you out of your identity and money, or maybe it was an inside job???but I really this place and still have casey's nights even though jimmy eat world and I live in phoenix. oh yeah, this place is haunted too....and if you are a girl do not go pee in the grotto.gross. [SEP]
4	Hour. Get the TACO BASKET~!Thursday-Mexican Beer $3 [SEP]
5	PLACE!Wraps, Pastas, Salads, Pizza, Gelato, Pastries, Sodas and SuchSuper place that makes you feel so comfortable. Looks they have computers to use (i don't know if there is a charge). The inside is precious, decorated to the T-- not a single spot was missed. Our food was placed on a silver tray and handed over to us to sit in a booth and our wraps and pizza. It was really good. The place is just so darn adorable; it's to concentrate on the food when everything was so while you NOSH. Get it? [SEP]
4	Such a oriental market! produce and aisles of every kind of noodle and sauce. fish. The only is we read on Yelp that they had sushi grade fish and they DO NOT. Boo! The only thing they had was smoked eel (Unagi). We will definitely shop there often and it was a trip for the grandkids- [SEP]
5	I come here at least 3 or 4 times a month. Asian food in Phoenix however it is now closed [SEP]
5	We Roys. The service is usually and the food is wonderful.The ambience is and usually hopping on a Saturday. My water glass is constantly being refilled because the people Roy's employ are totally on the ball. We have dined here 8+ times over the past 2 years and have never had a meal. They also have a vegetarian menu if you ask your server. The wine list is and they are known for their cocktails.We have dined here on both special occasions and regular Saturday nights. It is kind of being on vacation when we go since it is located in the JW Marriott. ...definitely in my three Phoenix area restaurants. [SEP]
5	Stopped in for the first time at PV Burger Company tonight. It was quiet, only one table when I got there around 6:20pm. Ordered a bacon havarti burger with fries and a coke; it came out to just over 9 bucks. The burger came with lettuce, tomato, cucumber (???), pickled red onions, and thousand island. It was DELICIOUS. toasted bun, char on the meat. The pickled onions were a touch. The fries were and crispy and had salt, which brings me back to being a kid and getting fries at the food court in the mall (good memories). I got a refill on my coke before I left, so I don't know what another reviewer was talking about when they said there are no refills on sodas. I asked and it was no problem.My only is that after I had ordered and sat down to wait for my food, a couple of guys came in and the guy at the counter immediately handed them paper menus (with actual descriptions of the menu items I'm sure, unlike the chalkboard on the wall), which I would have liked. I probably would have gotten an add-on for my burger if he had given me a paper menu when I was at the counter. Oh well, now I know for next time, because there will definitely be a next time in the near future :) [SEP]
1	IF YOU HAVE KIDS YOU MUST READ!!!My husband and I have never been more at a restaurant than tonight at the Hillstone Restaurant (Biltmore).This is the same restaurant group that includes Bandera and Houston's. We deliberately went out early-- at 5pm -- with another couple and our son. He started to on and off during dinner. Mind you the restaurant was already when the GM Miranda Geranios instructed us to leave; other patrons were complaining. That was news to us- and we've seen far in the past from children. Ironically, our son at that moment was playing with the other couple when she rudely asserted herself. We were in the middle of dinner and to add to injury, she didn't even offer to compensate us for a future visit without our little guy. Just go home without dinner and pay the bill. Of course, she herself has no children. To ask a repeat customer to leave is absolutely disgusting. We will never visit any of their establishments again and wanted to share our experience with our friends who also know the challenges of having a family. [SEP]
1	07/09/2008 Just went there last week for the first, and last, time. I read the reviews, so I was expecting much more. I am a first generation American; both my parents were German and came over in their 20's. I lived there for a few years, have eaten German food all my life, and have been to many German restaurants in many different states over the years. I really wanted to this place, as there are not many German establishments around here, but this place was terrible! We were the only people in the place at 2pm, and still had service. ??? We were ignored much of the time and then when the waitress did come, she would forget things we had asked her for. The waitress didn't understand German, as in the German MENU options, so I ordered from the menu using the English translations, and she was still confused. I had to POINT at the options. YES, there really is CUCUMBER salad on the menu. The bread was stale, the schnitzel was hard, there was a hair in my cucumber salad and my potato pancakes were just ...disgusting. They also gave me fries instead of the usual sides???? I am guessing that they just reheated leftovers from the dinner the night before, because that is exactly what it tasted like. Plus, I actually got charged the prices - lunch salad was 3.50, but showed up on my bill as 5.00, etc. I was too to even bring it up and just left, disappointed. of time and money, I will not return. Maybe at dinner time things are better, but DO NOT EVEN TRY THE LUNCH! Yuck.Oh, and the website is outdated- prices and menu items. [SEP]
4	This place was real last night. I had been to the one in Downtown Phoenix quite a few times before and wasn't all to impressed, but this location is a whole 'nother animal.Plenty of space to do you.Something so rare in up tiny Scottsdale. Crowd was alright and the bartenders we're nice. Might have to swing through the next time I hit up Scottsdale. [SEP]
1	I keep wanting to this place. I want to a local business, and yet....Last year I took my two boys there after a theater performance (Greasepaint! Excellent!), and after we placed our orders for lunch, I took out our SET game (it's a card game that does not use a traditional deck - fun). WIthin moments, the server was back at our table. You can't do that. What? Play cards? It's not gambling. (Maybe I was wrong, but living here, you start to assume that an to something must be religion based). The owners don't allow it. They don't allow it? It's a matching game. No. You'll have to put it away.Now. I would understand not wanting us to sit and play cards if we'd finished eating and were just holding a table (assuming it was busy). However, this was during the gap between ordering and eating. I KNOW I should've just left then. Instead, I made my kids and we stayed for lunch (and ice cream!). A couple months ago I (foolishly) decided to try again. Didn't with the cards this time. The thing this time was the mold on my son's bread. They DID remove the sandwich from the bill, but eish. I'd kind of the Restaurant guy to come in here and give it an overhaul. I don't mind the nostalgia stuff, but the place does need a going over. [SEP]
1	This place needs to close their doors, get their act together, and then reopen. The atmosphere is and it is obvious that they did the bare minimum coverup from the last restaurant. The food is horribly and has no flavor. I ordered the chicken and avocado pizza and it literally tasted nothing! We also got the nachos (which was actually just a plate of chips with one tiny of cheese and soggy beef). In addition, the server didn't put in my order for my pizza, hardly apologized and then brought it to me 30 minutes after my friends were done eating. One of my friends ordered the ahi tuna and it was switched with someone else's special order so that had to go back to the kitchen and be reordered as well. The only thing I was the beer, and that too took forever and I had to remind my server several times to get me a refill. Way to much effort to get food and drink that is sub par at best. [SEP]
1	you to Sarah L for bringing to my attention that the lunch menu from which I got my information about the $34 crab cake entree was for the NYC location. However, I did note that the crab cake appetizer at the Scottsdale location - presumably a smaller portion than the lunch entree - is $16. Yes, yes. It is Barney's and I understand the premium pricing. What I question is how Fred's scored only $$. I often eat out with those on a tighter foodie budget than mine; the $$ is misleading, when Oregano's is also $$. Just sayin'. [SEP]
3	Dinning here since 2003Wings: Big and flavor full, special wing prices on Monday. Some of the biggest wings around, includes: celery and ranch or blue cheese. Four star wings. Pizza: Delicious!! A medium is 14 and the crust is thin, and foldable, New York style... with LOTS OF CHEESE. Four star pizza.Fried zucchini: Complete disappointment, for $5.XX ( $5 something) you receive 8 small zucchini rounds. Chicken Tenders: Dry, small, inadequate. Beer, Pitcher of: ICE COLD, draft. ************Atmosphere: Mom n' Pop Shop... this place permeates family owned. There are usually only 2 people working, one in the front and one in the back. Definitely the kind of place where you don't want to piss anyone off, and they might have a shotgun under the bar...Service: The waitresses are and very close if you need additional service.*************Will I Return? Yes, I those wings!!! Ugh... And the pizza, yum. I just won't order appetizers. [SEP]
3	I would to give Yoli's a higher rating but there were different factors that occurred that morning. When we arrived they were closing early and had very little left on their menu as they were reviewed by a local TV station and ran out of food. That is a thing they were receiving recognition but not for someone who was stopping in for the first time.We decided to sit outside on the patio, water began to from the roof and you had to move to a different seat. They blew it off as oh well, when food arrived, I was not with what they had to offer. The food had little flavor. It is to give a rating because they did not have their foods available. It was that we paid $ for an average meal. We will try Yoli's again soon, we are hoping it is Wonderful! [SEP]
4	I've never been to the former restaurant that was once housed in this little building, so my first impressions may be a bit different from others. I have always this house. It's absolutely and in such a location. I read over the weekend that the new restaurant here was opening, so we made a point to visit it sooner rather than later.We chose to go after work, so there were only a few other people in here. I really the setup with the bar in it's own little alcove and seating situated throughout the rest of the house. We were greeted immediately after walking in and we sat in a table by the window. While we perused the menus I couldn't help but tap my feet to the old school music they were rockin'. I ended up deciding on the grilled cheese to eat.The food was very good. The sourdough bread was toasty, literally grilled to perfection. There was a ton of cheese in the sandwich, but I don't remember which kinds. The thing is that it was really tasty. My only is that the cheese wasn't ooey gooey. it was melty, but I could still make out the shape of the cheese. In my book of grilled cheese greatness, it needs to be a little messier. The sandwich was also served with a side of chips or salad if you choose. The chips were and I ate them all up. There was also a dill pickle, but I don't do dill pickles.I definitely think that this is a new spot that will do very well. I have no that this ultra-hip but non-pretentious spot will quickly become a neighborhood favorite. [SEP]
4	Let me start out by saying I usually pawn shops, but when I walked into this Pawn 1st location I was surprisingly with how it was. The employees were and friendly. They were even and humorous! It didn't the other pawn shops tend to either.Pawn 1st buys much anything you want to sell and it is a very organized place. If I ever wanted to pawn anything again, I would definitely go here again. [SEP]
4	First read about this in the recent 2009 of Phoenix and wow, what a choice! The place is and (laidback atmosphere) with food that is a culinary experience. I the roasted garlic in olive oil with the toasted baguette slices from the start menu, though the nosh plate might need some (more types of cured meats, and maybe some of those tiny dill pickles). From the starter plates we had the crostini duo and the roasted grapes and brie on the multi-grain bread slices was with all - the one with the cucumber slices on them, a distant and less second. The other starter - dates stuffed with homemade Chorizo and grueyer cheese, yum! The come on a bed of greens with some sort of vinegar dressing, which was a compliment.For Sharing Section of the menu - the citrus brined chicken and cheddar cheese waffles, by all! I ordering it early since we asked for it about 7 pm and it was the last one left. Even the braised greens were good. I was not so with the halibut filet plate - but frankly, a bit dry.Other thoughts - they really cucumber here - they put it in the water (makes it quite refreshing), garnished my gin and tonic with it (homemade tonic, but not really by it), and had it on the previously mentioned crostini duo plate - just seemed a lot of cucumer. As for the service, it was throughout the meal. The waiter kept things paced and was a source of information when asked, without being overly obtrusive.If you haven't gone, checking out and if you have gone going back again. :-) [SEP]
5	This place is goodness! Everything tastes and fresh! Has a new feel with a of and artistic flare. The food presentation is and the food tastes even then it looks! In a area of town and is built in the old post office. An and one of a kind idea has really set apart this place from any other restaurant in the valley! [SEP]
5	A hole in the wall in South Phoenix.... I order: The Betty Boop - a plate with 1 waffle and 1 chicken breast. Add a huge mason jar of the sweetest & reddest Koolaid (or Tea - depending on my mood) and a side of grits in melted butter and I'm a girl.Their Red Velvet Cake is also amazing. I know chicken and waffles seem an combination but it's really and - with the syrup and sauce for the chicken.... Yum Yum. It's one of my family's favorites!!! TRY IT!!!! [SEP]
2	Went here for dinner, there were only about 6 other people in there on a Monday night. Even with 2 servers for 6 people the service was absolutely horrible. We almost walked out after not getting service for about 10 minutes. The food itself is BBQ. Not but entirely edible. I the blue cheese cole slaw. When my dinner arrived the waiter said that they gave me the type of sausage, they left the one they gave me and followed it with what I ordered later which was nice. The ribs come dry, not wet but they will make them that way for you if you want. With a crowd this I don't know how much longer they can stay open. [SEP]
2	For some reason, these people seem to think it's OK to price a top, that probably has less thread count than my thong and cost about 17cents of labor to make, at $50. They also seem to think that dressing up their mannequins paraplegic color and pattern grandmas gives them business. Oh wait...it does! Because this is Tempe. And Tempe, as I can't over-repeat, is the devil. [SEP]
4	This salon is really cute. Fridays are 1/2 off single sessions and this is why I keep coming back. I use the level 2 bed and on Fridays its only $5 to tan. I wouldn't come here if they didn't have that though because membership prices are and the customer service isn't that great. [SEP]
4	Copper Star is a example of use in the heart of the Melrose curve. Who would have thought that a building initially designed to provide fuel to cars would so so serving fuel to humans?Their coffee is locally roasted and, while not my favorite, is above average in Phoenix. Their drive-thru is a feature for those mornings when I'm running late. For the coffee adverse, Copper Star serves chai, tea, smoothies, Italian sodas, and some unique drinks including a black cherry limeade. Foodwise, there is a wide selection of baked goods,including some of the bagels. They also have lunch offerings, such as sandwiches and a tasty hummus platter. But where they is their 'home baked' cupcakes. (I've seen Mayor Gordon here on several occasions getting his cupcake fix!) Despite being in a converted gas station/garage, the atmosphere is quite a bit more than most of the other coffee shops in central Phoenix. While the sandblasted block walls and exposed ceiling let that building's industrial past peak through, this is offset by rotating art and selection of (if a bit dingy) couches and chairs as as small bistro tables and long 'work' tables to choose from. The staff is and helpful, and the owner, Bill, is a neighborhood resource. He can tell you anything and everything going on along 7th Ave.All in all a place to grab a coffee and cupcake, meet a friend or get some old fashioned reading done. I can't it for serious requiring internet access, however, as the wifi access remains at best. [SEP]
5	The Roaring Fork is one of my very restaurants. I am not a big fan of the environment, particularly the patio and back rooms, but the food more than makes up for it. The pork green chili served with tortillas is dreamy. I also the huckleberry margaritas. Can't go wrong. [SEP]
4	I've visited the Crudo in Old Town and was really when the new one opened in Arcadia. Visited with the bestie a weeknight to some girl time. You can get a 3 course meal for $35 and pick from salads, meats or what I would call side dishes. It's a bit for what you get portion-wise, unless you decide to order 3 meats..but who does that? The wine is very priced. The food is amazing! Everything is cooked and perfectly, and presented to be delicious. The decor is very simple, feels you are in a big open warehouse. It'd be a place to have a group dinner for 6-10 as they have these rooms that are a bit more secluded they could put you in. The service was a bit too good, to the point where we almost felt she was rushing us even though there was nobody else in the restaurant. I'd visit again, but this is definitely a place to take another food girl friend- the boyfriend would be hungry and feel off, it's just not his style... [SEP]
4	bagels & bialeys! Service was great, food was fresh, bagels & bialeys were NY! I'll be a regular here! Also check for specials on Tues & Fridays [SEP]
1	This place sucks!! I moved to the valley and have yet to find that go to chinese spot, sooo I decided to give this spot a try. I called my order in and was assured by the employee that all the food is cooked to order, always fresh. So I picked up my food, and what do you know, I got some old azz rice with some microwaved shrimp. WTF??!! I give this place 2 thumbs down and I would not eat here if I was hungry as a :( [SEP]
1	I really to do this. This restaurant is fit for those that think Taco Bell is a place for Mexican food.The buffet was and contained maybe 12 items (no white rice). My sampling of their offerings ranged from to mediocre. China Garden has, hands down, the eggroll I've eaten.Given the atmosphere of the place it was plain to see China Garden had regulars. One guy at the cashier even commented that he'd been coming since 1970. I don't get it. This is the restaurant I have ever dined at.The staff and whom I presumed to be the owner/manager was and but that cannot make up for the quality of selection and food. [SEP]
4	The hood is a colloquialism not intended to imply or any particularly neighborhood. I am a resident of the Biltmore 'hood and my neighbors are retired Mormon doctors who all own corgis and drive Buicks and have umbrellas with Vanguard Investments emblazoned on them.Anyway, even though the neighborhood isn't particularly it's just having this place so close to me. After a particularly day at I treated myself to the carne asada burro combo. Highly addictive, and there's probably in the tortilla alone -- never mind the filling -- to keep me and an African village or two going for a week or so. Nevertheless, it's and a antidote to an evening spent with too much single-malt and too many cigars and some women named Wanda and Clarissa. Those who know . . . . know . . . Anyway, go and enjoy. [SEP]
4	We visited last week. The lady offered us a lot of samples of their food so we could pick out what we liked. The food was and the service was great. The restaurant was very kid friendly. [SEP]
4	Sometimes you just gotta have a burger. I was in the Scottsdale Rd/Grayhawk area and noticed this place where Nick's used to be. I tasted their burger at the Scottsdale Culinary Festival's Burger Battle and thought it was really good.The CB&CB burger with tater tots really hit the spot for lunch. The burger and carmelized onions together really well. The tater tots were delicious.Overall it was a meal and I'll be back soon. [SEP]
3	Place is OK, I'm just not a big fan of what they have to offer! It's reading some of the complaints! People get a grip! Food is good, place is a cafe style, so your service is really up to you! Cookies are really good, my wife their sandwiches. [SEP]
5	After a long week of being in a conference room, I really really needed to be outside. Peak to put me back in my normal place.This spot is very and can get really on weekends. I wanted to a little bit of solitude, so I arrived as the sun was rising. choice - there were only a few others around on this morning.The 3+ mile trail is an out-and-back route, with ups and downs to keep it interesting. a stairmaster, but because you aren't in a gym squished next to some icky person. The well-maintained path is packed gravel, so you can spend more time the views rather focusing on where you are stepping.For those that want to take their time and learn a little, there are small signs along the route that label various plants, as as two rest points with markers to tell you the names of the mountains you can see in the distance. Get up! Go outside! You will it as much as I do. [SEP]
5	it and the GF menu. It's how many dishes they have [SEP]
3	Bacon madness! Huge french toast! little piggies decorating the orange walls!Oink is a friendly, place to go for breakfast. The food is good, the place is happy, all-in-all I would say this is the place to wake up in the morning!The only quality was our server, who seemed very nervous, checked on us at times, and said you're too often (I didn't know that was possible, but it was). I the jalapeno (!) bacon and the oink french toast. The cinnamon rolls were also tasty, but my group was by the eggs benedict. I would say the food could be better, but it's just to have a local breakfast place somewhere in my neighborhood now! [SEP]
5	service and quality. I will always bring my alterations here. Had an and needed a hem done in a couple of hours and they had it sone sooner than expected! [SEP]
4	This is the Pho I've found in town yet. spring rolls to, the sauce was a little to runny though. I hit this place up 3 times a month to get my vietnamese fix. [SEP]
5	Cary is one of the most and mechanics I've ever been to. He is caring to all of his customer's and his shop takes the utmost care with the cars they on. I cannot him strongly enough! [SEP]
5	The interior is very industrial and charming; furnished with iron beams, brick walls and simple hanging lightbulbs. The lobby area has special imported drinks and other trinkets. There is always a line but it usually goes quick because you're distracted by all of their deserts and goodies on display. I've never had a meal that wasn't here. I usually find myself eating the simple but Joe with their special spicy sauce and then finishing the meal off with a home-made snicker-doodle. Whatever you end up ordering, I'm sure you'll end up Market as greatly and as frequently as I do! [SEP]
3	It's being a Target girl but recognizing the value and prices of Walmart... so I don't make a point to shop here (vs LeeLee's with greater intl variety), but when I am in the area... I think of what is low in the pantry so supplies can be restocked at a minor savings. The pricing is -- to clarify, the auto 10% discount is calc off the non-sale items. [SEP]
5	I hour! 3PM to 6PM EVERYDAY! This place has one of, if not, THE BEST!!! $4 Grilled Chicken Quesadillas, YES!! Plus $4 or $5 for a mile high pile of Green Chile Chicken Nachos? YES!!! And if you really want a treat...$9 for 3 huge fillet Mignon Tacos. Plus BEER both bottle and tap plus mixed drink prices. Place is friendly, bar plays rock, most patrons seem to be regulars...once you eat there, you will be too! staff especially Hostess Judith and the young man with the red hair. I've been in the restaurant related business for 30 years, the prime phrase is CONSISTANCY and the food, atmosphere and people are always consistant. Consistantly great. The owner, Andrew, always makes a point to everybody. New Orleans Bartender exudes Southern Hospitality. Regular Menu is a bit pricey, portions could be larger, but food is great. [SEP]
4	I was to find a place in Arizona that has vegetarian pho!The service was just mediocre. It met basic requirements without any friendliness.Very cost effective= CHEAP. [SEP]
1	We went here for a family dinner. Our family is and but not obnoxious. We asked to be seated in the bar since some of us wanted to watch the game. No so far.Our waiter was really at first, but seemed flustered and as if he wasn't getting the help he needed to keep up with his tables. I waited tables for 12 years and this guy was nearly literally to keep up, a sure sign of not help or of teamwork. Of the two hostesses, ONE of them could have to help him out by refilling water, tea and soda for us, but alas they did nothing. We waited so long for drink refills that my husband got up and saw a pitcher of coke on the bar, so he poured himself a glass, which he was for! I could not believe it, I was shocked. A guest should NEVER be treated this way. If anything, someone should have apologized to my husband for not giving us what we needed for the meal. The chips were good, and they kept them coming, so props to them for that. They are served with bean dip and salsa. I the salsa a lot, not spicy for me, but a amount and mixture of yummy stuff, including cilantro which I find many salsas don't even contain! To me, it is not salsa without cilantro. The teensy bowls of salsa they bring though need some rethinking. They should either bring one per person or consider a bigger size. It's only about 2 Tablespoons, and that aint much salsa (beware, some sides of rice and beans also come in these tiny containers - three or four bites and it's gone)! Anyhow, we ate tons of chips and salsa because the food took SO long to come out. Our waiter sort of apologized for this by keeping us updated that it was actually coming.....someday.Our food came out a 35-40 minutes after we ordered. Sadly, two meals were completely missing in action and the two of us that ordered fajitas (which came out of the kitchen very cool, not even the slightest bit of heat from the iron skillet or the meat) had to wait at least 10 minutes for their tortillas, so they couldn't even eat what was at the table, which was getting cold. After the two missing meals came out, one was the meat, red meat instead of chicken. More waiting...the table eats, minus one. When everyone is nearly finished, the chicken taco dish comes out. It was delicious, but overpriced. The chicken was grilled and the tacos were served the way I them, with a little bit of onions, more cilantro, lettuce, lime and pico de gallo. They also came with cheese, but I don't cheese on tacos. They came on tiny little corn tortillas, which themselves were good, but way too small to make tacos that didn't apart. Plus, I ran out of the tortillas before my meat and other stuff was gone.Our waiter was really except for the (I'm still by that), so I can't decide if he or the place sucks, or maybe they both do...We definately won't be back. [SEP]
4	Oh boy. I was terrified of this place. Curry peanut butter?? Sun dried tomato peanut butter?? Sick! But once I went, I realized that somehow, it wasn't thaaat bad.While this is without a doubt, a place that little kids will to come to and one that adults will take them to, if you have to eat here and you're over 12, I getting the veggie sandwich. It was the least lunch option on the menu that wasn't going to taste a dessert. It had sun dried tomato peanut butter, lettuce, cucumbers and cheese. And it wasn't half bad. But it wasn't half either. Let's just say I was surprised that it wasn't disgusting, but I wouldn't go back again unless I had to take another little kid I was babysitting. The child in question, a little girl by the name of Natalie, is my friend's daughter and she talked me into going here. She couldn't say more about the place- she it! And for lunch, she had some white chocolate peanut butter, banana, nutella and caramel concoction that made me just looking at it.But if you want to bring your little one somewhere different and that they will you for, come here. This would be a spot to have a little birthday lunch for your kids with a couple pals that wouldn't cost much at all. [SEP]
2	OK after hearing about this restaurant from a friend I decided to take the family out. First I must say that living in the valley for over 30 years I still and always will be a Haji Baba fan in Tempe Az. for life!(yelp them)So, walk in and would agree that the ambiance was less than. Dinner tables were and the table cloth was tacky. Oh almost forgot why is there a large mirror on the wall? Were given dinner menus by a waitress who I suspected was surely going to be the owner. The first thing that hit was the prices! $$$ I asked the waitress if I could just have a Gyro sandwich. The answer was NO! (rudely). Those are only during lunch time! Ok, so next option was to gamble on a gyro plate priced at $14.95. We placed our order and waited. The food arrived on a manner. The food was and looked good. The tzatziki-sauce was a 10! Although the gyro meat was not to my tasting, it was ok for being real hungry. Eventually the waitress started warming up to us! :) PROBABLY WONT RETURN AGAIN.Pros- food, LocationCons-Couldn't get what I really wanted.(A gyro sandwich)-$$$ pricey! $36 for 2 adults and 2 children. (2 gryo plates and a coke.)-No kids menu. -Water tasted it was from the tap.-Coke was flat. [SEP]
3	I do not see why people are so quick to judge an IHOP so harshly.It's an IHOP for Pete's sake. The service is ok for being a chain breakfast place. But it is that this location is 24hours because my friends and I need a place to eat whether it be after bar hopping hours or not.The food is consistantly not too (again for a chain) and I've gone back several times. Besides, it is for people watching at certain hours of the day/night! :) [SEP]
3	Nothing special about this place. and the food is okay. I go because my one son it. Have to keep the kids happy. Never had a experience but never had anything stand out either. My dish is the Spinach artichoke dip. [SEP]
4	I was really with Bombay Spice..it's definitely not your typical Indian restaurant setting.. Think more contemporary American decor... I mean The Smiths were playing on the stereo which gave it a relaxing casual vibe. We were served by a waitress who really knew the food and explained everything real well.. You can tell she was very about it. We started with the appetizer sampler which had four selections of appetizers of your choosing..all were especially the wings and the chickpea ceviche. I then tried the Chicken Tikka Masala which had lots of flavor and a kick then we checked in on Yelp and got a dessert. prices and the way you order the food makes it really simple.. little casual place tucked away in the corner of a strip mall near PV mall. [SEP]
4	I am so I didn't come here sooner! This is a sports bar not far from our house. The service was very friendly, and the wings (they also have honey BBQ) were awesome. They had tons of meat on them, which isn't always the case with wings, as I am sure most of you can attest.We also had the margherita pizza, which was tasty. There were numerous TVs scattered throughout the restaurant, and they had $1 beers (yes $1) when we were there - deal!This place is definitely more than Fox Sports Grill (not quite as or upscale), but it's a sports watching or beer drinking venue nonetheless. Oh, and they deliver!!!!!! choice if you live in North Scottsdale. [SEP]
4	food for the night after a bender, or a family breakfast. I'm bringing my 10-month old here because it's and with so many other kids around she much goes unnoticed, except by the waitresses. [SEP]
5	Recently I had the of eating at this new Iron Chef Jose Garces restaurant. Pulling up to the front entrance to the restaurant my girlfriend and I were greeted by extremely doorman who valet our vehicle for us. We were a bit that we were going to get wet from the rain on this day, but thanks to the valet service the hotel & restaurant provide we stayed and dry! Now I must say we were taken back from the decor inside the restaurant... It was spectacular!! The way the restaurant is decorated just puts a on your face! Also, it gives you a feel for Iron Chef Jose Garces personality which seems to be light and fun. The food is absolutely amazing!! We the IGNACIO Nachos which have black beans, tomato, queso mixto, jalapeño, chile de arbol, and radish, and the Barbbacoa Costillas berkshire pork spare ribs, chipotle-cider mustard bbq they were tender, juicy, and delicious! We tried the House Margarita the Distrito and the white Mexican Sangria both were spectacular!! I have never heard of a white sangria before.. But it was amazing! All of the employees we encountered were extremely nice, knowledgeable, and sincere. This restaurant will definitely stay on my regular to do list! Thanks to everyone who gave us a experience!!! [SEP]
5	greek food! Definitely try the greek fries! I always try to come here every time I am in Phoenix. Staff is also always very friendly!Also try the greek calamari. delicious! [SEP]
4	Always pizza, close to home and they serve beer and wine. Plus my kids can play video games and husband can watch the game. [SEP]
5	Awesome, Big Ben sandwich is delish and chocolate/strawberry scones is one of the I have ever had, and can't forget to mention the coffee and tea, place [SEP]
2	I went to this place with my wife because it was new and we're always looking for new places to eat. We were the only two people in the place and would have thought that the owner, to make a impression and show for what business he did have might have come by the table to ask how the food is, make small talk or anything. He sat at their front counter watching a baseball game when we got there. The waitress took our order, he went back to cook it and resumed his place at the counter to watch the game. We felt we were putting the guy out to have to pull away and actually cook for the only two customers he had. As far as the food is concerned: You can grill a burger at home with meat and the fixin's you want to put on it. In other words, it wasn't anything special and certainly nothing that I would go back for. Bottom line: Scottsdale doesn't need another $9.00 burger place and I wish the staff could have put more effort to our patronage. [SEP]
3	This bar reminds of an old pair of pants. It fits. Not too tight, not perfect. Just kind of fits. There's some holes in the knees, and its a bit faded. It's certainly not perfect.Mulligans is that bar where you can go and kick it with your friends. You never know what kind of people you are going to run into. Co-workers, drunkards, bottle rats who got kicked out from other places.The drinks are cheap. The beer selection is so so. The bartenders are nice, but aloof. It's just an average bar though. Nothing great, nothing bad. [SEP]
4	While I am giving this restaurant four stars, I must start off by noting that the pizza here is mediocre. If you want pizza in Phoenix, don't kid yourself that it's at I-17 and Thomas. It's over at Pizzeria Bianco.However, the other items on the dinner menu are of a visit to the 'hood. The Penne alla Vodka ($12.95) offers up pasta in tomato sauce with bacon, basil cream and vodka. It is an starter to with a dining companion and that's exactly what the BF and I do every time we visit this place. The Cozze Posolipo mussels in garlic white wine sauce ($11.95) are also quite tasty as an appetizer. The pizza dough they serve with an onion and olive topping is a touch. For entrees, the Pollo Parmigiana ($14.95) is the breaded chicken breast with marinara, mozzarella and parmesan cheese served with penne. The Lasagna della Casa with Bolognese sauce ($13.95) is very good, but the portion is a bit for the price. The BF often the Gamberi alla Pana ($15.95) that includes jumbo shrimp sautéed with mushrooms in a brandy cream sauce over a bed of fettuccine. Please note that the brandy cream sauce is extremely rich. Another tasty option is the Spaghetti con Salsiccia ($13.95) with mushrooms, bell peppers, onions and Italian sausage in marinara sauce with a touch of white wine. The Cheese Ravioli ($13.95) is another choice with the tomato cream sauce. For dessert, be sure to order a Cannoli Siciliani ($5.95) as it's the very I have had in Phoenix. The Tiramisu ($5.95) is as well.The news is that this place is no longer BYOB. For whatever reason, the management decided that a restaurant that seats no more than 20 needed a full liquor license. I really hope that the investment in that license doesn't to the undoing of this place. Given that they don't even have a bar area and I almost never see anyone order a mixed drink, I think staying BYOB might have been a choice for this neighborhood joint.The service at this place is also part of the show. The waiter may be as he will either be way up or way down for your visit. The décor here is given the location of this tiny restaurant in a strip mall. If you happen to need a trip to the restroom, you will get the chance to traipse through the kitchen.All in all, Pizza A Metro is a option for everything but pizza. [SEP]
1	The food was okay but the portion sizes where the smallest I have ever seen....and I am a regular to fox restaurants. Babbo is much better. [SEP]
5	Food: great! Service: Excellent! I had the Frank Sinatra Calzone (you choose 3 items for the filling...I suggest what I had: sausage, pepperoni, and meatball). It was just being back in New York. Loaded with Ricotta, too...They don't skimp here. The server was too...Didn't catch his name, but he's a burly, bald headed guy with a beard. Very friendly, polite, attentive. to look in the kitchen and see the pizzas being hand tossed...Wonder if the cook thinks I was looking at him...Well, I actually was, but only because he really got into tossing the pizzas and was to watch.Go there. Eat everything. Tip big! [SEP]
2	I'm really getting to give up on this place......or it a while.What's up!? It feels it's a sushi restaurant. WHY THE is the music always blarring?! You can 't even hear the person sitting next to you. Are you a restaurant or a club? Do you have servers or 'visual fluffers'? And if you go at Hour, expect to wait 45min to even get your food. *Are there sushi makers there????? [SEP]
1	I was so, so hopeful. October in Scottsdale, yummy, tacos.....Wow! Off!! $10 Just to get in (what was that for?). No shade unless you were buying a drink. Most places wouldn't give you salsa or taco sauce with your over priced taco. They seemed the vultures who didn't care about the customer, just the $2 ticket they could grab from you. I had to for a napkin then hunt for a place to sit feeling watched by the other vultures waiting for me to get up.I was to leave after 45 minutes and my Pepsi had gotten warm, so I had gotten a cup of ice from the bar. I poured it in, took one drink and as I was leaving to hike back to my car, security stopped me and would n't let me take it out! It could have booze in it. Well, by then, I was one little local. it all in and said to my daughter in law who was about to go with me, Get me outta here!. She had brought her 2 year old, thinking what a way to spend a Saturday morning and our local businesses. Nope. Not good. [SEP]
1	What happened to this place? The first time I went about a year ago, both the food and service were great.Second time, last May, I ordered the same dish and it was horrible. in sauce. But, at least the service was decent.Just went a third time and it will be my last. Both the food and service were horrible. Went for lunch, sat inside and it wasn't very busy. Our waiter was totally out of it and only had 4 tables and hardly paid any attention to us and kept forgetting things, taking our order to start. Then, even the food runner forgot to bring me half my meal after I asked her for it. In the meantime, I counted at least 17 staff member hanging out in the kitchen area, which is open, so you can see them and half of them were folding napkins.My food was not very and actually made me a little sick. This is a shame, especially because there aren't many places in Phx that have vegan choices, but for the price you pay, I would expect a lot more. [SEP]
5	I that this restaurant can accommodate all types of people. It's a sports bar with Family style entertainment! The staff is always and they aim to please. The food is always and prices are very reasonable. The bar is on one side so it splits the Families with children on the other side with an area with tvs to play Xbox and wii. Check this place out. You won't be disappointed. [SEP]
1	Honestly I don't get it. I went to Dos Gringos with a friend of mine last weekend. I had never been to Phoenix before so I was to see what the city had to offer. After entering Dos Gringos we sat at our table for 21 minutes before a waitress came to our table. She brought us 2 beers and never came back. After 40 minutes we decided to check out a new bar since we obviously weren't welcomed at Dos Gringos. So we went up to the bar where I waited for 5 minutes so the bartender could take some pictures and shots with her friends. What I didn't understand was there were maybe only 20 people there and at least 6 people working. If I was the owner or manager I would be embarrassed to say that you run that establishment. I will never return and I highly you stay away from Dos Gringos as you will be disappointed. [SEP]
5	I had an dinner tonight at Quiessence. When we made the reservation they asked if we were celebrating anything; we were, so when we sat down we were given 3 glasses of champagne. We started with a plate of three cheeses. They have a huge selection of cheeses, probably about 20, and we chose a goat, a smoked gouda and a jack. All and served with crostini, melt-in-your-mouth bartlett pears, pecans, honey and quince paste. start.Our next course we shared two salads - an octopus carpaccio and field green salad. Both good.My main course was AMAZING. It was heritage turkey with potatoes and carrots. I ate every bite. SO flavorful. My dad had a beef sirloin that was cooked and with a side of fingerling potatoes. My mom got swordfish. It was not cooked when it first came out, but they corrected the problem, so i can't them for that.The ambience was including a live but not singer and a crackling fireplace. In addition, I want to give big props to the servers for knowing everything about the food they served. She knew where the fish was caught, how the beef was raised, what certifications the turkey farm had achieved. It is to be able to get those kind of answers with zero attitude when you ask the question.My only reservations would be 1) definitely is food, maybe a tad too but so it was it and they said they were short staffed and 2) i'm not sure i buy that their seafood is sustainable. They served atlantic cod and atlantic swordfish. My understanding is that both of these fish stocks are severely depleted. I asked and was told that the fisherman they buy from are committed to methods, but I'm not sure (personally, for me, at least) that it is possible to sustainably fish a stock that is in danger.All in all though, a night and i can't wait to return! [SEP]
4	I went thier on a new wave night. I dont drink so its to find somewhere gay that I can sober. They had bitchin 80's music and had a guy/girl ratio. Some were straight but I that, its when breeders what to out just for the fact that they wnat to out and dont care if your gay/straight.They also have a pool table wich is a rare find in gay clubs in az.I it :) [SEP]
2	Scuzy waiter. Scuzy manager. Overall just a experience. The food was too. I don't understand how this place is so successful! The food was either waaaay over-seasoned of severely under-seasoned. A hole in the wall Chinese restaurant can produce Chinese food. And at prices. Search around. It'll be it. [SEP]
4	I found this on yelp and what a wine bar! I went here last night after with friends and we shared a bottle of wine and had sandwiches. It was so can't remember either name of the wine or food.It was very small inside which made it cozy. [SEP]
5	My wife and I absolutely this place. Yes, it's a bit pricier... but yu get what you pay for: food and service! The patio is even cigar-friendly, which is a huge plus for us! We visit often! [SEP]
3	The Phoenix Hooters is directly opposite the Sheraton Downtown hotel where I was staying. Was really hungry and didn't want to eat at the hotel so decided to give hooters a try. Hooters girls are always a touch. I really this location since there was a lot of outside seating. The food is what you expect from Hooters. I had the pulled pork sandwich with fries. It was but then I was very hungry. Food quality was and arrived quickly. Can't ask for anything more!! Hooters girl was also cute!! I would come back with a crowed of guy for a drink and burger. Prices are very reasonable. [SEP]
4	Had lunch here with 6 coworkers and the server accomodated 5 seperate checks with no fuss. She quickly brought out two baskets of bread that looked handmade, along with pouring out balsamic vinegar and light olive oil for dipping.The server described the day's special, but we all ended up ordering eight inch pizzas (a lunch only size.) I had bacon and chose to have it cooked in the optional brick oven for $1 extra (not sure why they offer it seperately, but exp. at other places made me the way it cooks than reg. oven.)It wasn't much to go on, but the food was good, the service and efficient, and the everything was and neat. if you're in the area. [SEP]
4	Thai and Chinese food. family staff. We were served by their very 11year old son. Kind of place you want to support. Food was and very reasonable. Go for the curry- [SEP]
4	I'm so they put a location in Old Town. I had been to the location in South Phoenix before and it was as well. I had the Chopped BBQ which is Turkey, Chicken, and Beef all chopped up and cooked in BBQ sauce. It was very very tasty. They gave me two pieces of bread to make a sandwich and with the 1/2lb order I still had more left over. For my side I got the Texas Cream Corn which I really enjoy. It has flavor and is an to the BBQ. The location has a patio for the weather we are having and you can also sit inside on picnic style tables. [SEP]
3	This place is a hit or miss. Hence why I would rate it as average. I've been here so many times for lunch because it's so close to and because coworkers would suggest it. I've had all the curries and every time the spiciness is different even though I ask for a 3. Sometimes it's not spicy at all and sometimes it's so spicy that my mouth burns. I've had the eggplant with chicken, but the chicken isn't as moist and as I hoped meat would taste like. They chopped up the chicken in very small pieces and seemed overcooked. I would stick with the different types of curries (red, green, yellow) though. It's safer. The curry sauce would seep into the meat and make it more tender. The curries can also be different textures. I've had it where it's thick and creamy (the way I it) or more watered down. The lunch portions are small, but I guess it's for a lunch meal. Swaddee's if you're not too with spicy. Just order a lower number and you can add more chili if it's not spicy for you. I still would this place and try your with the food here. You may get and have a meal. [SEP]
2	This place is the example of a tourist trap. location not far of the main of Old Scottsdale, building and layout. The margaritas are good, but probably $2-$3 more than they ought to be for every one of the many styles. I thought paying $5 for chips and salsa was a rip-off, but then when the chips tasted stale, I was even less happy. C'mon, if you have tortilla and factory in your name, you ought to have chips. I thought the tortillas themselves were okay, not great, but okay. The carne fuego, or whatever I had the waitress recommended, was not good. Small chunks of fire roasted steak completely by a gloppy sweet/hot sauce. The veggies that went with it were just okay and the potato-stuffed chile was weird. It could've been great, but it was nowhere near good. Unless your Aunt Hattie who has never had Mexican food is in town from Ohio, i'd skip this place altogether. [SEP]
3	Outside the treats, you get an and interior which is very and feels to be in, and people watching to boot. Its a little for the drinks - I figure that comes with the territory. [SEP]
1	Ok..I told Amanda that anyplace that serves beer would have a time getting less than 2 stars from me...I wish there were 1.5 however. As covered by Amanda this bar is about as straight as they come..this bar personified would probably call bars with any hippness at all the F word for gay folk. In fact this bar would most certainly over-use that word. Does Puddle of Mudd, and POD know that their songs are in karaoke form? Do they make money from them? Who was the first person to say man I can not wait to this song to the MIDI music only version over some beers this weekend.I had a time...but I tend to make the of things. There was far more facial hair than head hair. I phonetic spellings.. Oh lord don't ever make me go back....eff it...I changed my mind. 1.2 stars and I am rounding down. [SEP]
4	Yummy, sandwiches! prices. Highly recommended.Service is generally a bit of an issue, so if you are one of the prissy eaters who doesn't understand that serving can be tough, you'll probably get your panties in a wad. [SEP]
1	Lets just say i was not to please with my experience at Nails R Us. After two days my nails were lifting on about 4 nails by the end of the weekend i had 6 nails lifting, so i went back and showed them and she was its normal. No it normal to lift but not after 2 days! They did fix them for me of charge but were very to me!!! Will not be going back there or will not refer any of my friends there! [SEP]
2	My friend and I have been going to camelback spa for about 5 years for our birthdays. this past year we decided to try something new. We went to Ridge Spa for a change of pace - man were we ever we did. the facilites are not nearly as as Camelback, the food service sub par at - while they did make it - the fact that my friend ordered one thing and was given another and we to the waitress her response, was oh I was curious at which one of you got the order Really?? you knew that and didn't come up to us? I asked for my burger medium and it came done, I am I didnt wait for her to come back and ask how my food was cause it was 1/2 hour before she came back. I was parched for some water. Although they gave us our food for - it was just inexcusable. Have had massages at Massage Envy- will not be going back [SEP]
5	bread....awesome beans!!! Raspado...tostitos!!!! [SEP]
2	I did not stay here but went to visit out of town friends who stayed here. The hotel was definitely not designed for anyone with any type of mobility - steps everywhere! Steps to get ice. Steps to get to the pool area. Steps to get to the lobby. Can you find a way around some of these steps? Sure - if you don't mind going into the parking lot and circling around the building while cars drive past you. The rooms seem but there is no way on earth I will EVER stay here. This hotel doesn't seem to have any for the whatsoever. [SEP]
5	best. grilled. cheese. and. tomato. soup. ever. [SEP]
3	For 6 days out of the week I eat tons of fruits, veggies, nuts, seeds, whole grains, fish, etc. Tuesday afternoons is my meal and I really look forward to it. This time I was looking forward to pizza. I pizza.We dined on Tuesday afternoon, the place was kinda empty so we got tons of attention from our waitress who was wonderful. For an appetizer we ordered the rock shrimp with garlic, basil aolioli (sp) dipping sauce. The shrimp were okay, but needed a more flavorful dipping sauce maybe a spicy marinara or barbecue. For my meal I decided to go with the soup and 9 inch pizza lunch special: butternut & margerita pizza. The soup was actually quite good. The pizza was good, but something was missing. Oh yeah, the CHEESE!!! Seriously, do I have to ask for extra cheese on a pizza? I really look forward to my day and the pizza did not live up to my expectations.For dessert I went with the donut holes drizzled with caramel and sprinkled with powdered sugar. The order is huge, seriously there were no less than 30 donut holes. day or not it was just too much. My husband ordered 2 scoops of vanilla ice-cream. After visiting a local ice cream shop where everything is homemade, this ice-cream did not come close.Long story short, we will visit again only next time we will ask for extra cheese on a cheese pizza. [SEP]
4	Bellini, the Seared Ahi, Portabella and Beef Tenderloin Flatbread and Spinach and Artichoke dip! I highly you select the same on hour! 3-6pm 7 days a week! [SEP]
4	repeat after me:creamy polenta covered with young brocolli stems and seared sea scallops!!!!!!!!!yum.repeat after me:buratta with charred bread, heirloom tomatoes and drizzed with olive oil!!!!!!!!!yum.repeat after me:asparagus, radiccio and hearts of palm salad with truffle oil!!!!!!!!!omg yum.repeat after me:chicken stuffed with marscapone cheese, fig and other stuff that's really yummy!yum.repeat after me:spicy spagetti with fruite de mare - clams and mussells!!!!!!!yum.repeat after me:ravioli stuffed with goat cheese and other yummy stuff!!!!!yum.cute and waitier: yum :)i stayed at the firesky and had dinner at taggio for two nights in a row - not by design but necessity and i'm here to report that even though i didn't choose this restaurant for both meals, i'd come back again in a heartbeat. [SEP]
5	Along with Bliss, FEZ is another one of my brunch spots. They have $3 specialty drinks (mimosas, marys, bellinis...). The service is always quick and the servers are always and very with my modifications. They have a drink called a g-spot and it is grapefruit, grapefruit juice, ruby red vodka and soda. It is and on thursdays they are $3 (i think) The menu is different with kasras and burgers but somehow we always fill up on the appetizers. The cheese fondue and the little pyllo pockets are my favs. Ive never been at FEZ and I absolutely will continue to it and go back! (Thanks thomas for the corrections!) [SEP]
3	the food was okay, it's a bit pricey. I the big wood boat they served our sushi on. not my but don't it either. [SEP]
5	i trader joe's!!! i think they're selection of products are just GREAT!!! i can't get of it.the place is and the people are friendly. it's next to michaels which is also great. it's in a place. it seems the people there are nutty-crunchy which i love!! [SEP]
4	I started going to Sushi Eye since it opened. I quickly befriended Paul and Richard Cho who are the owners of the establishment. A more and convivial Father-Son team of restaurateurs have never opened an establishment in Arizona.Koreans (by ethnic group) are by far the largest sushi bar operators in the USA and very at creating American establishments. The Cho clan left Northern California to come to the Valley for sun, golf and open sushi bars. They at all three. House music, Sports Center on ESPN and lots of Shochu, can accompany your escolar sashimi and ASU roll. If your sushi'd out try the Nippon-Hawaiian fave, Chicken Katsu. A warm, Irasshaimase awaits all who enter this dollhouse sushi bar. By the way, I drank so much Shochu at Sushi Eye that I took a little nap on the gravel out in front of the establishment until Richard Cho came and rescued me from passing out in the gravel. A sushi chef and a wingman never existed in Chandler [SEP]
2	I was about the concept of a haircut and a beer. So, when I saw an offer from Livingsocial I purchased three coupons. Here's the trouble... I went on a Tuesday night at 6:30pm and was told they will not the coupon until 7pm. However, I was told if I wanted to pay for a cut at the standard rate, they would take me ASAP. Nobody was in the joint and they to take my Livingsocial coupon until after 7pm. [SEP]
5	Attended the Table 12 Lunch & Learn event with guest Chef Mel Mecinas and was truly blown away. I have previously eaten off of the house menu, so was expecting just as presentation as Chef Beau Macmillan presents - I was not disappointed.Our party started the night at Jade, which I have written a review for previously. place, wont go into much detail there.The meal started with with an entree of a rare tuna, bacon, asparagus, and hollandaise sauce. Second course was Korean short ribs, brussel spouts, and lotus root kimchi. For dessert, twas a bourbon banana creme with carmel popcorn and candied walnuts.The meal could not have been more amazing, and the service was just as good. Have already booked the event on Aug 18. [SEP]
4	I've been here twice, decor, & really staff, and lots of really people to shoot the bull with. I've heard the food is really too, but haven't tried much of it yet. I did try the french fry basket, it was and huge, and the wings are good, they use Franks, so if you reg hot, get the hot. hour specials are a value too. Will return often. [SEP]
3	I'm not feeling the here. Went to Hillside on the of a friend that lives nearby and the place. I would it more if it was my local caf. We went on a Sunday morning, knew there would be a crowd but the wait in line wasn't long and we had a table off. The entire line stopped while the order taker bagged up the to go portion of my order, my friends pie to go ordered at the same time took over an hour to get to the table. What was that? the food is the portions large. They can't to get a number system for the tables? A wait person stood behind the drinks station/bar bellowing my name. not even stepping around. I had to stand up and holler because I COULD NOT FIND THE PERSON WHO HAD MY FOOD. The food was but living in the east valley I wouldn't drive cross town to eat here again. [SEP]
4	Ok, Ok, I know I said I would never bring my clothes here, ever again.I was having a rather busy week, so I told my Dad to drop my clothes off to the cleaners. I thought he was going to take my stuff over to Continental where I usually go, but he brought everything to Seville. I was a little upset, but being the of a son that I am, I bit the bullet and smiled. I thanked him for me out. When it came time to pick up my clothes, I carefully walked in (knowing I slammed them in my past review) and quietly picked up my clothes.I got home, and noticed that one of my shirts had not been cleaned properly. There was a on it from what I think was cola. Later that day, I drove back to Seville, and they offered to it once more.Flash forward to the next pickup day, the was still there. I asked for a manager, and it happened to be someone that seemed to be the owner. He asked how much I paid for the shirt. They gave me a check for the FULL amount. It's very rare that I write a review update that spans a few stars (only DeFalco's comes to mind), but Seville took my situation, and made it right. I was VERY in coming back the first time around, and it was only because I was forced to. I'm everything out the way it did. Not because I got a new shirt out of it, but because I got a experience.Way to step up your game Seville. I'll be back if I'm in the area! [SEP]
5	I've often driven by here, & figured I'd go in & take a look sometime. But I was looking for a clock-mini-speaker system that I use with my iPhone 4. When I had my 3G, I had a very experience where I was assured that a particular clock-mini-speakers I bought would with it - but all it had was a plastic adapter that the 3G kept out of - & then they gave me a time about a refund.This time, I was again getting either reassurances & non-specific information, out of stocks, or NO OPEN floor samples I could look at, at 3 other stores (including the big A Store with a lot of Jobs), not to mention info on Amazon & upon Googling. So I thought to go into the iStore. Boy, was I surprised! They had open, plugged in items that I could actually test my iPhone 4 in to make sure it worked. Even better, I began chatting with the guys there about various other iPhone & MacBook Pro issues, & found they had FAR more knowledge about BOTH the phone & it's peripherals and MacBook Pro's (and about them) than I ever got from the really-really-smart folks at the Big-A-Store-with-Jobs who will you anything. So, I would definitely go back there for advice & I would certainly bring in anything that needed warranty service. They also have a selection of peripherals and yet, they know WHAT WITH WHAT! [SEP]
3	Sometimes the of Yelp is that you read so many reviews for a new restaurant and you garner these very high expectations. That's what happened with St. Francis anyways. Our bartender was not at all. The dessert was very however! Hopefully next time the service will be - sometimes you just catch people on an off night. [SEP]
5	As far as gourmet burger joints go, this place is the bomb! I am a huge fan of Deluxe Burger and now they have a run for their money! Plus the parking is much at Zinburger. I had the Zinburger, and we shared potato fries and regular fries. Everything was delicious! All 3 of had the Zinburger, so not much at our table, but we all finished our burgers, and given the size of them, I was surprised/impressed with all of us. The burger was heavenly, juicy and cooked perfectly. I would definitely go back, again and again! [SEP]
5	I across the street and me some Hava Java. The morning crew is very friendly, and the coffee is great. I am a big fan of the Swiss chocolate blend, (or any of the flavored blends for that matter!) they are really flavorful without tasting at all artificial. I buy Hava Java beans and brew them at home, but when I stop in for a quick cup of coffee I always have a experience. [SEP]
5	This is the largest urban park. Moreover, that urban part is because I am 10-30 minutes from three major trailhead areas. For hiking I many points of entry, one of my favorites is telegraph pass, this is on the south side of the mountain. A new recently remolded parking lot is found on foothills parkway. There is a paved path that is about 1/2 a mile and at its end Telegraph pass is to the left and is to the right.Telegraph pass grows in steepness towards the where there are some larger stairs. At the top, there is a bench and you can then continue on National trail. If you head west, you can reach a Ramada.From the pima canyon entrance I take the fire road to national, after the initial ascent it is just some rolling hills, I then make left to hidden valley where there is a natural tunnel, Follow this trail to reach man's pass, contrary to the name there is a narrow gap that men cannot pass luckily you can go around, this meets back up with national trail. Many unique rock formations on this hike. For shorter hikes from this lot, you can do the east and west loops and Beverly canyon all small trails that loop, and have a few views.For Mountain biking my skills are not too so I stick to the east end of classic, with mostly straight section and a few wash passes and slight hill inclines it's for a novice rider. [SEP]
4	food is ,but they have to re-model those bathrooms they are piss soaked and the makes it all the way to the dining room oooff!!!!! [SEP]
5	They get five stars now. You know why? Three little words I long to hear: Gluten-Free Buns! (OK, technically that's two words, but I them nonetheless!)The buns are a dollar extra, but if you are me and are of eating a burger with a lettuce wrap, or worse, with cutlery, just for the of a sense of normalcy, they are it. And, frankly, quite tasty.I don't know if all RR are serving them now, or from the same bakeries/distributors, but I for one am for it! [SEP]
5	A most gem! If you are a wine drinker, flights! selection! I can't say much more other than... AWESOME! [SEP]
3	I can't help but feel the same sentiment as Nathan S. - I sort of feel giving this place only 3 stars with all the other rave reviews. Let me start with the - I that the place is so small and intimate. Especially in comparison to most Valley restaurants that are just cavernous. And with the European-style seating you have to get with your neighbors. Both of these things make this feel a NY restaurant. I also the atmosphere and decor in general. Very Spanish, very laid back, not all hip and most restaurants try to be these days. The service was extremely friendly, from the hostess to all of the waiters and waitresses and bus boys that came by. My husband really the Sangria (Tinto) - he said it wasn't very but tasted great. Indeed, all of the food tasted very good. Our two dishes happened to be the daily specials - the Eggplant Barcelona and the Turkish Custard dessert. But the Tortilla Patatas and the Gambas and the Spinach with Garbanzos were all as well. Now to the - Firstly, selection was all around. The wine list was very minimal, and the very bar didn't help. And there were only about 8 dishes to choose from. When I go for Tapas, the whole point is having a wide of small plates to choose from! Every dish was DROWNED in oil. Literally, bowls of oil. The food just sat in my stomach afterwards, and I felt I needed to take a shower to rid myself of all the grease. The sizes of the dishes were very inconsistent. I know it's tapas, and I me some tapas, but generally at tapas places I find you could likely each dish three ways. The Gambas and the Spinach were both huge piles that could have been up to 4 ways. But then the Tortilla Patatas was barely large to two ways, and then our two dishes - the Eggplant Barcelona and the Turkish Custard - were both smaller than a deck of cards and them just two ways left us each with a single forkful of food. There was a party of 4 next to us that put in 1 order of the Pork Tenderloin and the waitress said, You should really get 2 or 3 orders of that so everyone can try some. 3 orders for 4 people to try it?! Then, along with the food size is the price. $90 (incl tip) for the 4 tapas mentioned above, plus a glass of sangria, 2 glasses of wine, the dessert, and an espresso. 2 of the tapas were one bite per person. Yikes. The food, while good, was nothing outstanding. There was no dish that made me stop and say wow, now that is done. They were but not amazing. (As opposed to the Lomo Embuchado at Cobras y Matadors in LA that I was to marry and make babies with).So all in all, I'd say a 3.5 star experience, rounded down because it just wasn't a 4 for me. I can't help but compare this place to my tapas place in the valley, Sol y Sombra in the DC Ranch, where they have a huge selection of wine (and a full bar) and a huge selection of and much larger portioned tapas for the same price. [SEP]
4	Well, I've been to Market several times now and it's time to add my two cents. Yes, I know, there are already 250+ Reviews, what more could I add? Don't worry, I'll stick to the facts; consider this the cliff-notes version.Take the first parking spot you can find or drive the the lot west of the building. Walk in, grab a menu, and get in line. With all of the on the menu, try to make your decision before you get to the register. A few of my favorites1. CORTADITO - coffee drinkers, do NOT this one! Cuban miro-latte, on the sweeter side, served in a pair of espresso shots or a bowl, perfection!2. Rancher Salad - steak, caramelized onions, blue cheese, arugula, do I have to keep going?3. Potato Salad - a unique salad, SO much than your average potato salad4. Cinnamon Rolls the size of a human face, if you're into to that kind of thing, share with a friend, or four.there are more, but I to keep it short.Back to the line. As you're making up your mind, be to answer the number of people in your party so they can set you up with a table. Try to resist the looking, super-sized pastries and desserts in the case, or not, what the heck, just get it!. Pay the cashier, proceed to the fountain drink station to fill your glasses, and maneuver the maze of tables to find the one with your number.Just a few tips. One, it can get a little in there, so may not be the place if you're planning a discussion over your meal. Two, LM gets busy and the staff is always trying to find a table for the guests in line by the time they finish at the register. So, while the dining room attendants are and attentive, they are definitely trying to turn the table as soon as you'll let them.And now you know what to expect. If you don't lines or places, this might not be your place. Overall, delicious, food and shinny, people to bring it to you. Let's just say LM is to get me out of my five mile Ahwatukee radius, and that is to do! Now you know the scoop . . . I'm out! Enjoy! [SEP]
5	I live in the townhomes next to this restaurant and it still took me 4-5 months to actually try it. Absolute as I see it now. This is a little place, decor outdated that it's again, servers, and man, food. The pesto cream sauce ravioli (I believe) will you away. The wine glasses are filled high. Everything is quality. Prices are medium-range, most dishes ranging from $11-18 but coming with a salad or soup and bread. This would be a great, date night spot. [SEP]
4	service by the owner (Nick). He's very accommodating and aims to please. and helpful. I hadn't had an Indian fry bread in over 10 years. There were several meat choices to choose from and several vegetables to add on top. an earlier catering order cleaned them out of re-fried beans and bell peppers. The salsa was good, spicy but not hot. The owner kept the place open for me to my meal while we chatted. He even stayed open later to feed another customer that walked in after the place had been closed for 10 mins. He even gave me a coupon for my next visit. A truly caring owner. place in a strip mall with plenty of parking. [SEP]
5	I put forth that we need to institute a new standard of measurement to be used for comparing coffee shops. Furthermore, I think that Cartel Coffee Labs should use this place as a standard for this new unit of measurement.I have to assume it's called a Coffee Lab for a reason. Too many coffee shops these days are retail stores, where coffee is an incidental thing in all the yelling, names, and colors. If you look at the menu of Cartel Coffee Lab, there are a total of 13 items. It's all about the coffee, plain and simple.Then again, there's really nothing simple about it to those who take their coffee as seriously as this place does. The artistry of their baristas is not to be trifled with. These people can make a latte so pretty, you really won't want to drink it (until you do, then you're you did). On of that, the selection of coffee varietals is impressive. I've only tried one, but that alone was than anything Starbucks tries to pawn off on the masses. Perhaps the use of the term Lab is because they've actually stepped beyond anything any other coffee shop has done. Either way, the formula that they came up with than anything I've come across before.Then again, maybe I'm being too on the other places. It's not that they have an intrinsically product, but the reason for these places has been behind t shirts and mugs and open mic nights and selling you a card containing the same money you'd use on the place anyway...I digress. Cartel Coffee Labs is a place with a product. If their WiFi is or the back corner gets dark, I honestly don't care. Their coffee is and I'll be coming back for more. [SEP]
3	Minnie and I stopped by Papago Dog Park today on a whim... It was a day and since she was such a girl in the car with me and at my afternoon meeting, I wanted to her. Rather than travel out of our way to go to Chaparral Dog Park (our usual dog park destination), I remembered seeing this place, specifically the fenced in / off-leash area, and we swung by.It was just after 4pm, and there were a handful of dogs there, and more were coming the longer we stayed. It's a lot smaller than Chaparral, and the grass is not the healthiest I've seen... Unfortunately, there were several areas that owners didn't up after their pooches too. (Come on, owners, you give the rest of us a name!)Anyways, we had a 30 minute visit... Minnie sniffed out a few other dogs from behind and then they returned the to her. Don't you how they socialize with each other?! Too cute.Anyways, will this become our dog park of choice? No.Is this a viable option if you're in the area? 100%. [SEP]
3	I was way to try this restaurant since it's so close to my house. I just assumed it was one of those places that looked a dive outside, but served up a piece of inside. Once I read the Yelp reviews, I was convinced I had made a sound real estate investment!Maybe my expectations/hopes were too high, but I thought it was just ok. I the chips and salsa, and the service was without being in your face. We ordered a round of margaritas which tasted good, but were really in terms of the amount of tequila. My father had the garlic shrimp and octopus which was really delicious--if I go back this is what I'd order--and I had the fish cuilichi was ok, just kinda heavy and not really something that got me excited. The girly girl in me says, not the calories!I think I'll give it another try some time in the future--perhaps it was an off night. [SEP]
4	service, waiter, food cooked as I ordered, restrooms...What more could I ask for? I was on my way to a meeting at the Marriott so I stopped in to grab lunch beforehand. I was in an out in less than 45 minutes. Perfect.I'll be back the next time I am at the Ridge mall looking for a place to grab a quickbite to eat without ordering food. [SEP]
4	This is a place to go for a glass of wine and appetizers with your girlfriends. My girlfriends and I went there to one of our birthdays. We sat on the patio by the fireplace. Our waitress was she let us try as many samples of wines that wanted to. The wines are very and inexpensive. As for the appetizers they were just ok. The bruschetta is good, but the spinach artichoke dip was tasteless. This place stands out for its ambiance, tasting wine and service! [SEP]
4	I've never had a meal at Z-Tejas. My is the Chicken Salad, but I've also had some scallops there. The cornbread is always delicious, and they're for their margaritas. [SEP]
5	First time having Scandinavian food, everything was excellent. Will return soon. [SEP]
2	If you have a family with a lot of little kids, are absolutely with your body, and only want to leave your house to change your scenery, this is your place. If you are looking for a workout, this is not your place. The hours are and you have to plan your schedule around them. The cardio machines are good. The of weights is okay but they are all over the place. They have a suggestion box, but they don't take them seriously. The classes used to be good, but now the quality has gone down. The zumba class used to be my favorite, but not so much anymore. They should have different levels, but there is only one and it is slow. There are kids all over the place. I dont understand what parent would want their 6 year old girl learning to her butt, but I can't judge, I don't have a kid. Maybe when I have one I would want her to learn to dance low and it, so she can be asked to go on MTV. The majority of the classes are in the middle of the day, which is if you dont have a job or anything to do with your time. Yoga? there were a couple instructors, but they are not there anymore. What do you guys do to your instructors? Why do they run away? Why do you make it to get a workout? I dont think I am asking for much here, just a place that I can get a workout. [SEP]
4	My sister and I went today for brow waxes. The establishment is spotless. is really to me. My esthetician was Alexandra. She was very professional and explained everything she did before she did it. I've had many waxes and know the procedure, but it was a touch. When we arrived for our appointments we were told about their package prices. I'm a pay-as-you-go type person so I declined. It was not a sell and I really that. I made a follow up appointment in 2 weeks. [SEP]
5	This place is great!If you talk to anybody they have a suggestion for a flavor.You can bring in food from another place to and just a atmosphere.With the music that someone has an with you can just talk to the DJ to get a suggestion they are MORE than accommodating.They have a hour prices! Overall prices, people, and a time! If you have the mind :) [SEP]
5	This is definitely the Indian restaurant in Phoenix. The tandoori chicken and aloo tikki wraps are to for. You cannot go with this place! [SEP]
2	So, the musician's make the night. Our night was not so hot. Half of the that we caught wasn't of stage time, the other half was. The horn players were exceptional, the Keyboardist wasn't. I'll stick to the facility. The Rhythm Room is a Phoenix, on the music scene, or so I'm told. This was evident when Paul Reed showed up with his horn and just joined the band on stage. That was and made you feel you were in the place. Beyond that, I'm can't really claim that this place is the time. We'll have to try it again to confirm, yet my urge to do so isn't high now. The neighborhood is questionable. The entrance is not obvious, the bar and the service are not inviting. The music area of the building is excellent. You sit very close to the band. The one thing they need to fix within that is two sets of band doors would allow for a much setup/teardown between bands. We waited for an hour between bands. The Rhythm Room is missing an opportunity here, they need a comedian or something the fill the gap. Some eyes on how this place is run could really make some simple improvements. Just because it's a known doesn't mean that it can't change for the better. The one thing they have is that the sound is and if they're getting bands, then it makes for a night. The only become obvious when you have an hour to descern them between bands.The musician's interaction with the crowd before and after shows is really cool. This makes everyone involved feel they're in the scene. [SEP]
2	the pedicure was nice, I will give them that... but lady must have wanted 2 close shop early that day as I told her I wanted a pedi & an acrylic manicure when I first walked in. (She asked another customer to come back the next day while I was getting pedi). to say, I didn't get my acrylic set, and towards the end, I could tell she was 1/2 arsing it... and they were a lil pricey... I mean, really, $5 for taking off my nail polish? I would give this place 1 star, but they did do a job on the pedicure. not returning here... [SEP]
3	This seems a place to get a drink, if youre so inclined, before going thru security. The service was so so, but I also think our waiter was in training. We didnt venture very far into the actual restaurant, just sat at one of the pub tables by the enterance to keep an eye on the security line, so I guess its for that as well. [SEP]
5	In 1999, I was discharged from the United States Marine Corps.Keeping a high and tight maintained was a real in the ass because barbers dont understand what the its supposed to be like. I am sure that many of you who keep this style of haircut understand.Any barber can sit you in a chair and cut your hair. This guy used a razor to get skin close on the sides, and a leveler (no, I am not kidding) to make sure that the cut was even.I have gone to at least 20 barber shops in the Phoenix, Mesa, and Tempe area. This barber shop beats them all.This is the barber shop in Phoenix. I have been a repeat customer for 9 years, and I will keep going back until they close up shop. [SEP]
5	Tweet tweet. I decided to follow Market Bistro on Twitter just recently and am sure I did. This company really knows how to treat their 'followers'. I have been a fan of Market Bistro for 2 years now, they have such a setting at both locations and the food is not to mention priced.I have always opted for the Market pizza, a dish that includes artichokes, large sundried tomatoes and a flat parmesean encrusted dough. There hasn't been one time that I've visited Market and felt in portion size or my order. I have such an appreciation for an establishment that takes in their food's ingredients, atmosphere and customer service methods.As for salads, If you can take the 'heat' I would absolutely the Arizona Salad. The chipotle dressing, black beans, rice and tortilla crisps are a blend of taste for your palette. You will feel at home here in the southwest with each and every bite.If you haven't already started your car or phoned in your order at Market, I'm 100% sure you are crazy.#BRAVO (hashtagging seems here). [SEP]
5	These little sliders are tasty, and speedy. You get two and you can get them with or without grilled onions. There is a home made type thousand island dressing on them that adds so much to these burgers! Fries are 5 star as well...also the people watching...Scottsdale at its finest! [SEP]
4	coffee location, but not a place I'd want to out. It's not that inviting to me for some reason. That said, I do really their coffee! [SEP]
4	Phoenix Muni is a stadium to see Oakland A's Spring Training Games. Yes, it's older than many of the other Arizona stadiums, but it has a simple that serves it wall. seats can be found just about anywhere in the park, and for $22 we were in row 7, just to the of home plate. It's also getting in and out of both the stadium and the parking lot.The only (minor) is probably common to most stadiums: there don't seem to be vendors (at least beer vendors; several people around us mentioned it), and the stands can get somewhat backed up at times. But for a relaxing place to watch baseball in the Arizona sun, it's to beat Phoenix Municipal Stadium. [SEP]
3	Sauce has grown on me... particularly this location since this is the one I frequently end up at for a quick lunch or casual dinner spot near home.I typically order chopped salads at lunch. The chopped turkey & feta salad is what I had today. I had them add asparagus, which was a call if I may say so myself! The large salad and roll is the lunch... fresh, filling, enough, and when it comes to designer salads around town. I also the spinach, pancetta & goat cheese and the veggie & aged parmesan salads. My husband eats at Sauce often as well... he goes for a salad or sandwich. Last time we were there together, he had the salami, turkey, prosciutto & mozzarella panini. I had a bite and was surprised! It had a balance of thin sliced meat, cheese, lettuce, tomato, and tangy red wine vinegar in between two grilled pieces of bread. The thin crust pizzas are also. Depending on your appetite, sharing a pizza and a salad with your companion can out to be a meal... What I about Sauce the most? Fast, friendly, and service in a and casual environment. The moderate pricing is also a big plus in my book... especially in this economy. [SEP]
4	Been to the Spotted Donkey in multiple times and always been happy. (can't speak to their new location on Hayden as we haven't been there yet). The drinks are very good, if a bit pricy and the apps are wonderful. Ordered the short stack of nachos, stuffed peppers and enchaladas this time. All very and tasty. One note, everything seemed to be a bit saucier this time, especially the nachos. While the sauce is very and tasty with a amount of spice, it was a bit mcuh for me. I don't remember it being that way before so perhaps this was a fluke.Will definately be back [SEP]
4	We went to Ocean Prime the other night and it was delicious. I don't know if it was the money but it was definitely good. The setting is as as any restaurant I can remember, with classical contemporary decor and a very display of alcohol bottles in the bar.I was in a party of seven and the prevalent dish was the bone-in filet. We had heard it was than the steakhouses in Chicago. I'm from Chicago, and me, you get a (and bigger) bone-in filet at Joe's. But it was still a steak. The sides were and the salads were too. But those prices! Wow, value is not this restaurant's suit.About the only other thing I'll add is the service was below average, a considering what the prices were like. Our server tried but he was too and didn't get our order right. [SEP]
5	One word to describe this hotel: quality. The pools were all and unique. The hotel has two tubs, one that changes colors at night and is next to a man made stream, the other is on its own island. There are two pools, a river, and a small pool. The rooms were and the whole facility was clean. One thing that must be commented on is the staff was not only but they were very and nice. All of the food and room service I ordered was filled with flavor and had presentation. The hotel also has a botanical garden, herb garden, multiple lawns, and it contains different food services. I highly the ranchero pulled pork tacos and the sushi. The Marriott burger, creme brûlée, drinks, and fromage board was very good. [SEP]
3	This place is your standard hole in the wall pho. They've got tasting pho and spring rolls for cheap. :D The is definitely but more flavor fo' yo' noodlee! [SEP]
5	As as all the others, and closer to home than most. [SEP]
3	U.S. Egg is situated directly across the street from Denny's. A and classier environment than Denny's but the quality of food is similar (well, slightly better) and a bit pricier. Service here was really however.Ordered the Triple Play (pancakes, eggs, and bacon) but substituted the regular pancakes with their protein pancakes which are packed with oatmeal, blueberries and cinnamon. Bacon and eggs are always good, to those up. The protein pancakes had a flavor, but the oatmeal which is mixed within the batter before they are poured on to the griddle actually with fluffy texture that I whenever I eat pancakes.If you are really big on breakfast and brunch food and don't want to eat at a nationwide chain restaurant it may be it to check this place out, just your expectations on the protein pancakes. [SEP]
2	I went to this place after seeing a segment on Diners, Drive-ins and Dives (Food Network). I thought that the fusion of Chinese & Mexican food would be good. I was a bit disapointed. The food was okay, but nothing too special. The establishment itself was and the service was quick, so to them for that. [SEP]
4	Stopped in there December 17th. They have a sound system that fills this large bar up nicely. I got the sampler platter and it's all fried, and it was definitely edible, I was wanting more! Lot's of beers on tap. Chuck the owner is very and to talk to and always has a grin. Julie is a worker and keeps the beers flowing, take of the wait staff and they will take care of you. Oh they had a live band there, Whiskey Tango was the name of the band. I left there with money in my pocket, this place will not you, it's a working mans bar. I will definitely go back there!!! [SEP]
4	This was my 1st spring Training baseball experience so I can't compare the ballpark with any other. However, as a newbie I can say that I the setting. Every seat is a seat. Hubs and I had seat behind home plate for less than $30. It's a really atmosphere. Feels a college ball park.The are priced fairly. The bathrooms were clean. I had a time. See you next year! [SEP]
1	The service here was awful, we waited for over 15 minutes for our server to come by our table. Finally a hostess came by and noticed nobody was us and got us drinks. Another 15 minutes roll by and finally our server decides to make an appearance saying have you guys decided yet on what you want?, uhh yeah!Overall, service was and food was just okay. Won't be going back. [SEP]
5	place to with a drink somewhere lit and live music. All the bartenders are really and that's always RAD:) [SEP]
4	It finally opened! The sign has been on the building for at least 3 seasons, maybe more, but the wait was it. We needed a breakfast spot in this central area sorely. The order system is Pei Wei, line up and order at the counter get a number and sit down. news, the wait was long, the news, the food is great. I guess, I revealed that I'm and want instant gratification. God that they gave me a cup for coffee after we ordered and got our number to pin on the table on those Alligator Clips. Every time I use those things, I flash back to the early 70's using those clips for that last toke that then gave the munchies.Coffee, $2.50 a cup for a bottomless cup with plenty of choices and in a to go cup. Atmosphere.....very hip look, open ceilings, patio, colors and sayings on the wall to remind us of sayings to remember while we nosh. Breakfast came quickly considering how many people were in the restaurant . I had a breakfast burrito that was plump and was plenty of food. I just hoped for more....maybe those alligator clips reminded me of the munchies of the 70's. Sandra had a cinnamon roll and although I thought it could have been bigger....she and said It was and filling.Saw several friends there, all and they said the portions were very satisfying. This is but I it. The Dyson hand dryers in the bathroom. They are the best. I'll be back for more and they can earn that fifth star I'm sure. [SEP]
5	Panda Garden is a family run Chinese Food Restaurant that is always friendly, and most importantly, delicious. You can order dishes family style and there's plenty of meals to try. My personal is the Empress Chicken, sweeter then Orange Chicken, but the flavor just melts in your mouth. I just had the Kung Pao Two which is Chicken and Shrimp, and its even the next day as leftovers thanks to the portions. They have a selection of sake and beer as well. This is my Chinese restaurant and hope everyone else checks it out. [SEP]
2	I had a experience while at Cadillac ranch. The inside decor was and had booths, which I appreciate. We ordered three different appetizers that were on hour before our entrees. The Wontons, the queso dip, and the Chicken tenders. The tenders were good. They were beer and tender. The queso dip was and the chips awful. They weren't but just obviously low quality. The Wontons were obviously and sitting on a bed of syrup. It was having and appetizers at the same time. When it came time to order entrees i was the last to do so. I asked my server about an option between three entrees and she danced around all of them suggesting that I have a pulled pork sandwich that was less than the ribs, steak or taco plate I inquired about. I should have headed her advice. It isn't every day a server tries to under sale you I ordered the ribs and was disappointed. the texture was off the flavor was except for the sauce which was spicy and not to mask the flavor. My server Liz was awesome. She was and friendly. She noticed I hadn't eaten my entree and took it away. The manager came back and was apologetic he offered me another entree and I took Liz's advice and got the pulled pork sandwich. It was much better. The staff was and did there job very well. It isn't their the food quality is so bad. [SEP]
4	This place is great. They have the veggie burger - yes veggie burger - that I have probably ever had. It is spinach based and has chopped jalapenos in it for some kick. When I buy an entree, my kid eats for free. So not only is the food but it's very priced as well. And much than the regular Big Greek Restaurants around town. [SEP]
1	Closed on Sunday? Looks you've not only my Sunday dollars, but my business on Monday through Saturday too. [SEP]
5	hotel, pool, restaurants, service, place to stay. [SEP]
4	The Lodge has been a hour spot for me over the last year and a half. Their food and drink specials are a way to wrap up the week on a Friday night. I their chicken strips and the cheese curds are great. The pretzels are also delicious. Service is typically good, you'll be able to keep drinks coming and food comes out quickly. There's a lot of entertainment there, with corn hole and giant jenga outside, and some video games and a pool table inside. I don't the Lodge as much for a prime time or late night spot...It gets a lot more and a lot more crowded. Go for hour, order some cheese curds and a $3 Miller Lite and you're bound to have a time. The decor is kinda fun, there are random acts of taxidermy inside and it's very, uh...Log cabin like.A (but known) fact about this place is that Jared Allen (Minnesota Vikings) is a part owner of The Lodge, so from time to time you may run into him and some other NFLers there. [SEP]
5	*CASH AND CHECKS ONLY**OPEN 9 AM, 7 DAYS A WEEK*Love this place. Took my daughter here a year ago to get her very FIRST haircut. We had Tara, who provided us with a first haircut certificate and she also had these tiny quarter-size ziploc bags for my daughter's very first strand of hair that she cut. The haircut was $15. Along with the haircut, Tara styled it and put clips and in her hair. My daughter it. The place itself was kid-friendly. There's a little kitchen for the kids to play with while waiting for their haircut. There are 3 big kid chairs for older kids to get their haircut. And there are 2 car-styled chairs for the younger kids. I took my daughter for her SECOND haircut today. We had Annette. She was great. Again, my daughter got her hair styled after her haircut and got and flowers put into her hair. The haircut was $15. We also got a punchcard, where you're 9th haircut will be free. This place does walk-ins, but it is to call and schedule an appointment since they don't have a specific opening/closing time. They take CASH ONLY so keep that in mind. [SEP]
2	It was an OK gyro for almost twice as much as the other places I've been to. It had a amount of mutton sausage (that's what gyro meat is, fwiw,) and was tasty, but not as as a $4 gyro at Ali Baba. The price you pay for location, I guess.This would have gotten three stars, but then it gave me indigestion all day and I couldn't eat dinner, so it some for that. [SEP]
4	I in here craving breakfast because it was very close to the airport and very close to the Aloft hotel I was staying at. Yes, I am a tourist and yes, I am from a part of the US where cowboys are not common, so walking into a place full of country western paraphanalia made me smile. The service was good, the food was delicious, and I walked out with a few photos. The coffee was a tad bit weak, but I'm a starbucks bold drinker, so I don't hold it against them. [SEP]
4	Had the spicy beef lunch plate with four sides. It was outstanding! kimchi too. [SEP]
5	bagels and a staff. I always get the build your bagel sandwich it's heaven! [SEP]
2	This place used to be really good, but it just is not the same. The price is now the same as a sit down Mexican restaurant with real plates, and the food is microwaved and served a food place. The things that are deep are greasy, and the things that are microwaved are tough. The prices just don't fit anymore, and that might be the location, and landlord problems. I the old day's There is no way Maria Munoz would ever consider the way the food is made today. The food, while it is still good, is over priced and microwaved. Real sad, and the amount of people going there is in decline. [SEP]
4	I really this place. I spent 2 years in Honolulu and used to eat at this little place in China Town. I have been craving that food since I got off the plane to move back to Phoenix. Well, I found China Chili and I am SO I did! The Honey Walnut Prawns are so yummy! The rice and lo-mein noodles are smoky tasting, and out of the wok. Is it healthy? Maybe not. Is it non-greasy? Um... not really. Is it when you're craving some really filling Chinese food? Yes. I wish it were closer to my place so I could have it more often, but I'm sure I'm sparing my waistline of more issues! [SEP]
3	You know when you make a copy of the original and its not quite the same? Juts a little around the edges, not as but usable? That is how I felt at the new location of Market Bistro. Similar vibe that I at the original isn't quite as pulled together at this location. Maybe the of a lounging area or the particle board tables? Or the fact that every table was except one by the blast furnace (front entrance).. maybe the grease on the glass in front of the grill? No forks? I'm if I sound a banging on MB.. but these are things that can be on. The Mr and I shared a salad and a Cuban sandwich.. the control in me of course got off on the salad making.. this was probably the salad Ive made to date.. you should be able to patent your creations! The Cuban sandwich was okay.. the ciabatta rolls are so thick and chewy that when you take a bite the toppings sort of fire out the back.. for a Cuban sandwich I think it had some sort of Asian spice, cardemom?? Anyway, the Mr didn't it at all. This being his first time he was as to why I went on and on until he took a bite of my patent pending salad, then it all made sense to him. The salads are just so complete and delicious!I look forward to coming again.. I just hope that they can make a copy of the original or go for a different feel entirely. [SEP]
4	Went there for my birthday .... Another quality insured restaurant, it is inside of Four Seasons, it cannot go .... The restaurant is very with a and environment .... and most of all with a very view to the phoenix area The service is definitely and food was as well. Had the sea bass and the filet mignon .... both were yummy .... and customized birthday as .... Will go back for a visit for sure ... Also if you are in Talavera, don't forget to grab a drink in the patio as .... they have live music and watching the birds flying around the mountain (the resort is built into the mountain) was quite a view [SEP]
4	I have been shopping at the Men's Wearhouse for a little over a year now. It's been my go to place for business casual clothing that is required at my job. The staff has always been very and not too pushy, even when they are working on the upsell to get me to buy a couple more ties or shoes.Being neither Big & Tall or Short & Stout, I being able to go in find some slacks and get fitted to my exact inseam. Add to that a on the tailored items, I will probably continue to go here. [SEP]
3	Oh, True Food. I want to you.But you make me feel I'm eating in a cafeteria. WIth such a contemporary menu and a staff full of faces this restaurant is just a in form... the menu and ambience just don't match.My advice is to sit at the bar. The drinks are served by bartenders and do their job, the stools are comfortable, and from that locale you get to skip the experience of having dinner with a room full of strangers at your elbow. [SEP]
3	went midweek and were seated awayTable was clean, service was but food, meh.Hasbrowns barely cooked and no flavor and the biscuits were more mini loaves of bread with no biscuit consistency and the gravy was honestly just blah. After hearing such rave reviews I had to try it once but don't need to go back. Kinda because I breakfast. [SEP]
3	I really want to gives this Sprout's location 4 stars but over the past few months when I get a deli sandwich the bread has bean 1 out of 3 times I'm there so I can't do it. If this Sprout's can not give me bread I'd be happy.On to the rest of the store....Sprout's is a farmer's market with a selection of produce as as meats, seafood and cheeses. [SEP]
4	I was one of a party of 13 for a birthday party on Saturday night. Yep, I was man out again and in more ways than one as I will note in a bit. We got started a bit after 7 and first we got our drinks and spent some time chatting and reading the menus. Most of the folks there had been there several times before. Everybody but me wanted pizza and wings so I ordered fettuccine Alfredo ($18.95) with salad and garlic knots. I know it's un American not to be a fan of pizza and wings. Their antipasta arrived and I sipped on my beer. Then the pizzas came, then the wings followed by my pasta. Somehow my order got separated from the rest and I had to ask for my salad and bread which finally came last. The side salad wasn't earth shattering but was and the garlic knots were pieces of bread. The pasta was delicious. I mentioned I was not a fan of pizza or wings but I was coerced in to trying both a pepperoni pizza slice and a couple of Giovanni wings. Both were really good, the pizza was a thin in spots crust. The wings had none of the heat I normally associate with wings. I had to take some of the pasta and bread home with me. After dinner there was Zepellies and the birthday girl got this huge ice cream/brownie/whipped cream thing which her husband and I finished most of. If you followed along, you will note I ate a lot of different stuff and I paid for it for several hours afterward.For a large party we got quite service except for my salad arriving late. I just had the one beer (25oz) but most of the women were there to get their drink on and amongst them had several different mixed drinks and with one exception (weak) all were done well.This is a big sprawling place with 2 bars and more TVs than I have seen outside of Vegas. The original space which is sort of set off from the rest of the area has pool tables and darts. There is a sized outdoor area too. [SEP]
3	Had breakfast at Joe's Diner this morning. I had the number 2, and a side of potatoes. It was supposed to come with 2 bacon and 2 sausage, but for some reason, mine came with four pieces of bacon. I didn't question it because the waitress seemed a little absent minded and we had to ask for a side that she had already forgotten. The few times she came to check on us, she would ask if everything was ok and would walk away so that we couldn't tell her what we needed. The here is that the pancakes were REALLY tasty. I would have given Joe's 4 stars if the service was better, but I think there could be some there. [SEP]
5	This was such a experienceI was up all night with a extremely tooth acheI don't have health insurance so I didn't think I could a dentistFriends and Family told me to look up a dental school and thats how I found A.T. StillI called and they said they accept five patients a day at 1:pmIt was 11am but I didn't care I drove straight there and I was the first seen at 1p.m.it cost $15 to be seen, $15 for the X-Rays, and turns out my tooth was and had a cavityso they sent me up to oral surgery, it cost me $85 to get the tooth extractedi was and they talked me through it and calmed my fearsIt didn't at all, I was numbed up and the student did a jobthey gave me a three prescriptions to take with me and I have to return next week for follow - upthe follow up appointment is FREE!totally this place to any and everyone! [SEP]
2	laid out zoo.Space for animals...More for kids than adults. Zoo had number of animals...who were bored,listless,hiding mostly. Water ponds for animals were with algae! All in all Not a experience. They are going to expand it seems...but they should pay more attention to the animals they have . Celtcharm [SEP]
5	Is there a way I can give an extra star???Pros: & staff, products, lots of samples, smells, prices, and get this, an company!!! Read their bag, it'll make you them more.Cons: if you're to smells, brace yourself. Also, if you're the type that wants to be left alone while you shop, beware. The staff is about their products.Don't miss: R&B hair moisturizer (it drives men crazy!), Coalface facial cleanser & Honey exfoliating mask. [SEP]
4	We live in the neighborhood so were to see a new place with a huge range of beers open up.The decorations are a bit sparse, but we to sit on the patio or the conversation areas near the bar, which are this time of year. Yucca chips are personal favorites, as is the gnocchi bolognese. Burger wasn't bad, but a burger is just a burger. They're still adjusting their menu it seems, which I expect any place to do for the first few weeks as they settle in.I really their to craft beer, especially Arizona beers. $5 pitchers of AZ beer before 5:00 is not only quite a tasty offering, but appeals to my of all things local.Give OHSO a try! [SEP]
5	this place is so darn cute! You might it if you are driving too fast. The food is nothing I have ever experienced. I had the pot pie, mmmm was that tasty. All of the chicken and veggies are wrapped up in a pie type crust with the gravy on the side for dipping. I have never a pot pie as much as this one. The only thing that was slightly off, was the lighting is very and the portions are small. With that said, the portions being small left us room for dessert. The dessert was out of this world! You cannot go with any of their items on the menu! I will be back for lunch for sure, and will bring visitors to this location too! [SEP]
2	No, I don't want to take the bus to get to the train. In my opinion, they didn't go far for people who live in Phoenix. It may be a solution for Tempe and Mesa residents commuting to Phoenix, but it isn't for Phoenicians who want to get from the north valley into CenPho. [SEP]
4	sitting at the sushi bar, the chef's are always and really to watch. The urchin with the quail egg is a MUST for all you sushi lovers. [SEP]
4	I am not with the co worker who introduced me to Forefathers. Do I really need another way to feed my addiction to cheesy, beefy goodness? Of course I do!This small restaurant in a Tempe strip mall has earned a special place in my heart. No, not just because of the artery-strengthening cheese. It is home to the cheesesteak I have experienced since moving to AZ.While the menu offers a of choices other than cheesesteak sandwiches (chicken and even *gasp!* salads), I stick with what I know and love:Regular with Cheez Wiz ($7.35) - bring your appetite, because this sandwich is big! A portion of thinly sliced meat and that oh so Cheez Wiz is nestled within a bun. It is gooey, and messy. Perfect. If Wiz is not for you, it is also offered with white American cheese, Provolone or Mozzarella. While I mine with just the basic meat and cheese, you types can also get any combination of 'OMG' - onions, mushrooms and green peppers.Fries are a very to the sandwich. Let's be here, fries are a very to nearly anything. Forefathers' fries ($2.55) are hot, salty and crisp. If you haven't gotten your fill of Wiz on your sandwich, you can turn those fries into Cheese Fries ($2.95). Either way, be sure to grab a container of 'fry sauce' (I am guessing this is some blend of ketchup and mayo). One taste and you will want to put this on everything. for me and my cholesterol level, this is nowhere near where I live. [SEP]
4	Some of the food here is such as the Chicken Corfu $14.95 and others the Gyro I found to be less than becasue the meat was very dry some parts burnt with the obviously taste of fish. I sent it back and they took it off our bill. The remainder of the meal which consisted of the Corfu, salads and soup was and our waitress; the owners daughter to address the Gyro with the kitchen. This restaurant is located at the park in Fountain Hills with unobstructed views of the lake and fountain which erupts every hour spraying water more than 500 feet in the air. We took a walk in the park after dinner which was very relaxing. [SEP]
1	2nd time up our carry out order. Boneless wings have bones and no carrots or celery again!! Hamburger with only tomato, cheese, and BBQ sauce had onions and lettuce, when we specifically said no lettuce or onion. to onions and don't shredded lettuce. Thanks to Tiler for up our order again. Will not be back. [SEP]
2	Ok here is the deal, I am to only give ground control 2 stars because it should be way better. This is in walking distance to my house and I come here almost every day. I have coffee, muffins, salads,and so on.The coffee is usually good, the muffin was great, the salad was so so bad, and the service is kinda strange. Its a small area you would expect this place to be really and helpful, not the case. They usually are busy talking to the other workers or have some small project going on, never are they you are there its almost they are by you. the salad i had there was really bad, the lettuce was wilted and slathered in dressing, I sent it back and it looks the chef just put it on a new plate with a little lettuce and a lot more dressing. my $7.00 bucks. Please Please Please Ground Control get your act together so I can give you more stars. [SEP]
3	Not a place.... It is more tex-mex than authentic... but they have Mexican beer, margaritas and is in a location. [SEP]
4	Jan Ross has one of the selections of crystals I've seen - they literally had every crystal I was looking for, and I subsequently left as a customer. staff too. [SEP]
5	I absolutely the food here! The sushi and Walnut Shrimp are cravings that I must give in to. This is a nice, small restaurant that is and comfortable. for a casual date, lunch any day (their specials are a deal), and the owner managers are on site most hours they are open. You have to try the Walnut Shrimp! [SEP]
3	Finding this location wasn't to hard... i that there is a parking lot north of the place... as as street parking :) you walk in the place and wow... its a completely different atmosphere... low lighting but in a way rather than creepy... they have a DJ.. the music makes the setting but to be it was a little for my taste,,, Our waitress was very and helpful... automatically served us cucumber water... (which tastes amazing!!) and then asked for our drink orders ... a waitress can seriously turn everything upside down or completely make your visit ya know... its a pet of mine.. customer service... every table had a pink candle lit... pink lights above the chefs area... it was just so relaxing! the mirrors on the wall around this looking painting... i was diggin it... everything on their menu is served as appetizers... which kinda sucks.. they are all at least 6-12 bucks at least ... from what i saw.. and the waitress said that they for people to get at least 2-3 a piece.... wow, on of drinks.. its kinda to me.. thing we shared everything... the lemongrass chicken (cant remember the full title) was amazing!! so good... the gyozo (dumplings) were alright.. a little too minty for my taste... we had this other thing where they bring you the stone and you cook your own meat... it was alright but the stone only stayed to cook the meat med rare... i don't my meat to moo at me... so its was alright... but i it done... the beef wrapped in grape leaves.. i was soo to try them.. but was disappointed... they were so (spicy) that i almost had tears in my eyes... never did it say on the menu .. SPICY... after a server came over and saw us gasping for water.. he filled us up and said, oh yea those are spicy... thing i had my TUMS lol over all The atmosphere was amazing..... the staff was fabulous... the food... eh... the menu is crap... if your gonna serve spicy food you should say its spicy! isn't that some sort of health hazard?! and its kinda on the side... i think i would go back again... But i don't think i would opt to... there are alot more dishes i would to try... maybe a different location would be better? [SEP]
4	One of my aspects of this Central Phoenix wine bar is that it is still somewhat undiscovered, aka not teeming with hipsters and young professionals on a Thursday evening after work. It stays busy, but not packed. Their Hour is great, $5 small plate options, and you must try their cherry drop martini. Seriously delicious. Get a ride from someone, because you'll probably want another :) The decor is and they play French movies on a large screen in the back of the restaurant. I also have a special place in my heart for their potato fries! This place is a option if you want a glass of wine and a bite to eat in Central Phoenix but don't want to the Postino crowds. [SEP]
5	Even for meat eaters, Green has a lot to love. A lot more than just tofu! I go here at least a couple times a month for lunch and it's 95% of the time. A few of our items are the BBQ Chicken sandwich, Thee Argentine sandwich, the crab puffs and of course, the Tsoynamis. Everything is priced ($8 for a sandwich, $7.50 for a bowl w/ your choice or rice or noodles). The only thing I don't particularly care for is the buffalo wings as I think they are far too salty. The ranch that it comes with is fantastic, though. Also, if you get something with cheese make sure to use Daiya instead of Teese. Daiya tastes much better, in my opinion.The atmosphere is very artsy. There are always paintings for sale and there are a bunch of old car doors and hub caps over to one side. They just got a few booths which is if you want a little privacy. There is wifi, a booshelf will all sorts of reading, and the staff is always friendly.Another thing about Green is the vegan market. They have all sorts of vegan foods and books for you to yourself with. It's the only place I know of where you can find Teese, Food for Lovers Queso and Soy Curls. As an aside, I highly Soy Curls as a replacement to the meat in your fajitas or cheesesteaks.Another thing you absolutely must check out is their annual ThanksLIVING festival on Thanksgiving. They will load you up will all sorts of and traditional Thankgsiving day food, veganized. Turkey, stuffing, biscuits, brussels sprouts, asparagus, cranberry sauce, gravy, corn, pie and a drink. You'll get guest speakers, live music and local arts and crafts. Highly recommend. [SEP]
5	Burger was and fresh. Fries were and crispy. Huge selection of bottled sodas from across the nation. and good! Definitely coming back. [SEP]
5	Neighbors had told me how this place is and after reading the YELP reviews, I decided to have dinner here with my family!Friendly greeting and service from the moment we walked in the door! service and food too!HUGE portions!! I entree's. We ordered 2 entree's between 3 people and had 2 boxes of leftovers we took home! I the lamb kabobs and the meat was and juicy. Hubby had the Gyro's and them! (Gyro's were probably food for 3 people!!).Moderate prices. Averaging about $15 bucks a plate, but the dinner plates come with the Basmati rice with white currants, almonds and maybe a touch of cinnamon?I was told they had the cannoli's in town.....so I had to save room for one!!...and they were darn good!! To sum it up...... FAST~FRIENDLY~FRESH FOOD!!!Yummy!! [SEP]
5	I just went here for the first time with my boyfriend this afternoon. I got a Green Apple Snow and he got a Mocha... Blast? or something that. We both them. While the drink was amazing, what was even was the quality of their boba, they weren't too or squishy and they had the taste. The shop was really and and cool. I also noticed they had battleship and I think checkers and some other board games out for customers to play with. They also had a computer monitor I am guessing for games. I didn't go to look at it. I think there was music on but I can't remember.The service was really fast, but then we were the only ones there. You can't use a debit/credit card for an order under $10 so we ordered an extra drink for our friend we were going to visit. We asked if she could make it when we were to leave and she was really about it. I can't say one thing about it. If I find something else on another visit I will update. As of now this is going to be my number one place to get boba. [SEP]
2	I wasn't really very impressed. Bajio isn't *bad* by any stretch, but it's certainly nothing to really rave about.The prices were a little for what you get and everything (keep in mind, this is mexican food) was for some reason...and that me oddly. Burritos and such, served in a very Chipotle-esque fashion, but for a few bucks more than Chipotle. I don't believe I'll be returning. Not because it was a experience, just meh. [SEP]
4	The food is always awesome. in the area. The people behind the counter need to pull their heads out of their asses. Don't be to me if I ask for an extra bag to carry my food. I'd be to let the food drop to the floor for you to up. [SEP]
4	Ohhhh, I like, I like!First of all, if you haven't seen Distrito, scope the photos on the website. High-five to the interior designer. From the glittery tables to the gumball wall, this place screams fun, energy, and overall a kick-ass atmosphere.I stayed at the Saguaro for five nights, so I had plenty of time to get my dinner (and breakfast!) on at Distrito. Actually, for dinner, I had room service but Distrito is where it came from. I was absolutely starving after a long plane ride, so I ordered the chicken tacos, guac, and a plantain appetizer, and it only took about 20 minutes to show up. Win.The chicken tacos were really, really good. Little corn tortillas, marinated chicken, slaw, radish, and a perfectly-sized slice of avocado. There were three of them and I could only eat two, but they were so made. The plantain dish was also impressive, and had some black bean puree underneath that out the of the plantains. The star of the show, however, was the guacamole. Tons of lime, zing, and flavor. I ate almost all of it and it was definitely it. Usually when I have guacamole it's just so-so and I have to add some spice, but this showed up completely perfect.When I had breakfast, things were also on point. They made me an egg white omelet with tons of vegetables inside, and my co-workers seemed to other menu items the pancakes and french toast, as well. If I lived in Scottsdale I'd definitely visit this place a time or two more. Consider me a fan! [SEP]
5	Recently moved from the East Coast. So Yelp introduced us to Il Bosco. I highly the Biaggia pizza. It's amazing. food and hospitality from this small little spot. [SEP]
4	Had to go into Scottsdale yet again, this time to the Scottsdale Mall. went there for a reason, after seeing Jewel of the Crown on PBS Check Please, I was hungry for some Indian food. Monday night: not busy a couple people eating out on the patio, and a large Indian family eating there, seems they were talking about the recent of Bin Laden and they had their children there eating and studying, so I imagine it was all owners family. But they weren't and behaved. Greeted immediately, felt welcomed and the look of the decor with a kind of old time piano music in the background, they served us some crispy, spicy rice (?) cracker with two sauces. I really the taste of those.Ordered the Chicken Tikka Masala (medium heat) and we also ordered, oh what is it called, chicken something with spinach, and garlic Nan bread.Chicken tikka masala was very nice, it came in a kind of pot that was still bubbling. I that, the only thing was I would have preferred more spice, so next time will go with and not medium. The other dish was but could have used a bit more kick, but that was ordered mild so that was our error.Great iced tea, very and they kept it filled without asking.I wish I lived in this area, all the restaurants are in SCOTTSDALE!! Son of a mother, why is that the way it is? Not fair.Anyways, about me, I would definitely go back, I would even go out of my way from Glendale to drive over and give it another try, it was definitely above average. The food was and fresh, with ambiance and service. [SEP]
4	I wandered into this store while wandering down Mill on a Saturday afternoon and what a surprise it was. Their design fit with my tastes and I wish I had the extra cash to redesign my house with their products. The salespeople were and helpful, but not pushy. experience! [SEP]
4	I fro yo!! This place is near the light when you get off on mil. The have lots of favors and a topping bar. Yummy fruit toppings including mochi and those boba balls that squirt out juice lol. I will be back a little pricer than the normal fro yo shop but also a spot on a day and near asu :) I also how you could make smoothies with the fro yo and fruit :) [SEP]
5	If you are looking for a place where the service matches the food, look no further. This family style Americanized-Italian restaurant was beyond comparison. The staff is very and if you have children, they will entertained while stuffing their faces with food. From the freshly baked bread to the main coarse, every bite was a new adventure for my taste buds. They have a wide of food but I highly the pasta dishes. Your mouth will you the moment you take your first bite. [SEP]
2	I went to this place once and the owner tried to sell me a large box, for shipping a guitar, for 30 dollars! My Wife has been in there before, and the Dude is really surly, terse & laconic. He has hired some youngsters who seem and helpful- Had to pick up a fax from an insurance agent there recently- But, I wouldn't go out of my way to do any business there! [SEP]
5	So, after finding out I didn't have to be a juror today, I decided to go to Treehouse to celebrate! I got 12 different cupcakes (intending to share with my husband and friends at of course!) and wasn't disappointed. I the caramel chocolate and peanut butter chocolate ones best! The only ingredient I hope Treehouse considers adding is avocado, since it makes vegan cupcakes decadently rich! One of the sister's who co-owns and is a co-baker was a doll. We both are hoping Phoenix continues to build up a of veggie- conscientious, healthy/delicious places to frequent. [SEP]
2	For my hubby and I on a Saturday night Grimaldi's turned out to be lame. The restaurant is decorated and the hostess was but the actual pizza was SOOOOO BORING. I seriously took a bite and wondered if I had the slice altogether. I will say I tasted a lot of garlic but that doesn't count for much when the pepporoni is and the sauce is useless. Now I'm a deep-dish girl at heart but I've had thin slice at Italian Pizza in Tempe. This place made me feel I my money and I woudn't ever want to bring anyone here including myself again! [SEP]
4	Went to the Living Room over the weekend with some girlfriends. Having never been there before I didn't know what to expect. The place is adorable, decor. The bar is very though. It's like, half bar then turns into half table. I had to wait for my friends to show up and we were on the list, and I had a time finding a place to just stand. The place was packed, and it was 8pm on a Saturday night, with a torrential downpour going on outside. I thought it would be wtih the craptastic weather, but it definitely was busy. It's loud. Not only from people talking/yelling but the music. I was screaming at my friends at our table. For being a wine bar, I thought the wine menu was on the small side. A selection, but I thought I'd see more. The crowd is definitely distinct. You have to really it to tolerate the place. For me, I really it. It's livly, lots of young 30-somethings (although we ran into our old, formerly hot, teachers from high school which was weird), lots of looking people, yet it didn't feel to me at all. I just moved here from a big city and I felt I was back home. Which is a thing.Food was average. I'd try something else next time I go back. This time I had the chicken pesto sandwich with a side salad. The sandwich was very but the dressing that came with my salad was SALTY!! Gross! I just passed on it and ate the rest. I also the fact that they do board games here. And the patio is probably when the weather cooperates. [SEP]
1	I called The Town to ask if I could come in this week and interview them for an English paper about a small local business, and the owner was just rude. She didn't even let me finish telling her it would take five minutes of her time, to interject and tell me to go somewhere else. When I explained that I've heard things about their business from friends, and that that sparked my interest, she said, Well, go somewhere else.I've never even been inside, and I sure as won't go now. Maybe it's just me, but I don't shopkeepers who at their customers. [SEP]
5	I've eatin' a lot of pizza and can say without that Mama Mia's is the I've had -- Consistency, value and service sets them apart -- They also have the take out wings in town!!!! [SEP]
4	I was surprised by Sauce. We went here for dinner last night, and wanted something quick, tasty and casual. Done. I think of it as a cross between a food place and a pizzeria.I had the Pepperoni and Crimini Mushroom pizza, and it was great. The crust is thin yet for the pie. The center where the toppings are is a and but the edges are crispy with a chip-like crunch. The sauce and toppings were noticeably and proportioned on the pizza.M had the Turkey salad, and she too was very pleased. I can describe hers much - as we both to our plates!The waitstaff was very and everything came out well; however nothing really blew me away to earn that 5th star. [SEP]
3	The pizza's OK, not anything to write home about. I sat on the outdoor patio, which is on the main street, so while to watch all the people go by (and there's a wide variety), if you're table's along the outside edge of the patio (which I wasn't), you may end up interacting with the transients coming by. So, I got to observe everyone going by without having to interact with them, which was just by me, because I do to people watch. [SEP]
4	What a brunch in downtown Phoenix. Sitting outside on an April afternoon, listening to jazz and feeling the (thanks to the misters), I felt I was in the Mediterranean by the sea. Or something that. Anyway, I really dug the atmosphere, and the food was delicious. The Vegetarian Omelet was yummy, bursting with veggies, and the olives gave it a flavor. The potatoes were cooked and seasoned, and the whole wheat bread was thick and toasted. I also had a few bites of the Banana Fosters French Toast, which is waaaaay too sweet, in my opinion, to be considered breakfast food but was a finish to my meal. The coffee is to drink black. [SEP]
3	I'm always on the lookout for places to bring out of town friends and this place seemed to fit the bill. It's a farm that produces Arizona's only extra virgin olive oil. I came in for lunch and as I pulled into the GRAVEL parking lot my stomach turned because I had heels on and knew they were going to take a beating (I know, waaah right? But there are women out there that their shoes as much as I do and will the heads-up). Once I entered the Olive Mill I was to see how adorably it was inside. The building was in two, market on one side, bistro on the other with seating in between both and also outside. The market had testers of all their products, idea but the food testers didn't seem sanitary so I didn't try anything. I ended up buying some hand balm that I love. They had a really wine selection as well. Alright so here's the part. The entire time I was there, not one employee greeted me or a smile. There was one guy in particular that was going back and forth stocking shelves and was visibly by my presence. When I went to order my sandwich, I remembered I got a drink with my Yelp check-in. The girl at the counter sighed and rolled her eyes as I through my purse to find my iphone and she said forget it, I got it. Their sandwich the Kalamata had its 15 seconds of on the food network so I was going to get that but opted for the Lucca at the last second because it has brie...I brie more than I most family members. The sandwich was a disappointment. All the ingredients were there but it was of any flavor and I couldn't figure out why. I probably won't be bringing any of my homies here but I will drop by to buy products, I fully local businesses. [SEP]
5	Matt's Big Breakfast is a place in the morning to feel the life of downtown Phoenix. I have eaten there 5 times in the last year and each meal was the 10 to 20 minute wait out side on the sidewalk. At 9:30 a.m. on Wednesday, July 3, my wife Marie and I ventured downtown and decided to have breakfast out. Matt's was on our mind. We waited outside only 5 minutes before getting a table by the window next to the kitchen entry. Busy place, but the service was great. Quick with the coffee for Marie and ice tea for me. Marie ordered an omelet with cheese and mushrooms, while I decided on the special, eggs benedict. We both had the home fries. When everything arrived, the meal was very yummy. Marie, in her way, snarfed down her omelet with a smile. My eggs benedict was on a English muffin, topped with ham, poached eggs, and a yummy hollandaise sauce. Calories be damned!The whole meal cost $22.53 + 4.00 tip.Yes the place is small and you'll most likely have a short wait for a table, but get over that, because the experience of eating food prepared by people is your time. [SEP]
4	It should be no surprise that the ambience and service at this restaurant located inside a 5 star resort is impeccable. What is though is that the food is as well. What was even of course was that i wasnt paying for it:) (business dinner) We had crab cakes and pork ribs for appetisers which was delicious. For the main course i had the Ahi with the mustard sauce that was so flavorful. My colleagues had the shrimp and butterfish and they their dishes as well. For dessert we had the upside down pineapple cake. I really my experience here and would recoomend it to those who seafood and want an evening of dining. [SEP]
5	The message I received was drip is toast. I don't drink coffee... a character fault, I know... but Gina and her partner are hosts and have made a little space to serve food and drinks (I get the chai tea with soy milk.) I that computers are no where to be seen, only people eating and drinking and conversation. This is a little place, a gem. I every visit. It is especially to bring new people in that haven't been before (so invite a friend to brunch because it is a surprise.) The service is great, the food is made fresh, and everything I've tried is delicious, even my five year old her nutella on toast. things come in small packages and toast illustrates this perfectly. [SEP]
4	A little for my liking, but nonetheless. I really the feel of the restaurant: part Cuban, part Puerto Rican, part Spanish, all classy. A guitar player jammed away in a completely non-annoying way while we ate our meal and, to me, that is an accomplishment.Our Calypso Chips were outstanding. To for. One of the appetizers I can think of at the moment. For my entree, I ordered the Ropa Vieja which was made up of the most beef and tasty rice with beans. A little heavy with the peppers, however.Does anybody else think plantains feet? My date pointed this out and, although I was surprised, I'm inclined to agree. That won't stop me from putting some into my stomach as soon as humanly possible. [SEP]
3	After living 2 blocks away for over a year, i finally took the jump and decided to deal with the long wait to try this place out. Got there at 7:30 on a Tuesday night... 2.5 hour wait. (To be expected, but still ridiculous.) Went next door to Bar Bianco, ordered a bottle of wine and waited outside. I think that the wait is part of the allure for people. Also, after waiting hungry for 3 hours, the food becomes tastier because you are starving. Finally get a table at 10:15. Order the caprese salad and another bottle of wine. The ingredients are very fresh. The Mozz is excellent, the tomatoes are very very and tasty and the basil was as well. The server didnt make any on wine or food. A bit odd. Given that the wait is 3 hours and that it's pricy for a pizza joint, you'd think that the service would be excellent. Not at all the case. This guy acts everyone here is a regular. The reality is that with 3 hour waits for a table, i don't have time to be a regular at this place. We ordered 2 pizzas to try.... Biancoverde and Wiseguy. They were good, again with ingredients. I wouldn't say it was the pizza i've ever had, but very tasty. Asked for some Balsamic to go with the Mozz and Tomatoes... had to ask the server 2 times, finally we a food runner, she got it for us. I shouldnt have to ask for something 3 times. I mean really, this place only has 6 tables... pay attention to the guests. I guess the moral here is that trying this place is all about the experience and saying that you've been there. While Bianco is you can go to Parlor or Cibo and get very (comparable) pizza without a 3 hour wait. Is it good, yes. Is it the wait, nope. [SEP]
5	I recently tried vietnamese food, maybe 3 years ago. I especially the pho soup and spring rolls. Since then, I have been trying every place I can that serves pho. Out of every place that I have been so far, this place is always the one I come back to. It's a little hole in the wall type place. The kind you would drive by and never even notice if you weren't looking for it. The pho has some of the tasting broth and is a portion. It's about average price if not closer to the I have found. It comes with a sized plate of sprouts, basil, mint, lime, and jalapeno. The spring rolls that I get have pork and shrimp in them and are a size. The peanut sauce that comes with them for dipping tastes almost made peanut butter and has ground pieces of peanut in it. The service is quick and very friendly, even with the fact that there is some language barrier. I was actually taken to this place for the first time by an ex-coworker of mine who is an old vietnamese guy. He told me himself that this is probably the place he has found to eat pho at, and based on the fact that it is usually packed with asian people during lunch time, I am very inclined to believe him. [SEP]
5	With a few hours past and a few tasks the next stop of my day would be at Pane Bianco - the sandwich shop from the Valley's most Chef, Chris Bianco. Having made my pilgrimage to the eponymous pizzeria during my first trip to Phoenix, Pane had been on my radar since the day I moved to town but given the lunch-only hours and my office location in North Scottsdale I knew a weekend would be and as would have it a new website (http://www.pizzeriabianco.com/) and seven day 11a-3p schedule had been rolled out just the week prior.Arriving at the surprisingly large space (especially when compared to Matt's and JoBot from earlier that day - and compared to Pizzeria Bianco as well) shortly after 11:30 and allocating parking in the lot juxtaposing the Light I debated for a moment whether dine-in or to-go was and opting for the former made my way into the restaurant where two couples already sat. Greeted by one of two servers it was suggested I could take any seat I wanted and opting for a bench in the center of the room where a menu awaited I sat down to browse the menu as as the daily specials listed on the chalkboard - almost all sounding appealing, but a bit different than the Saturday special listed on the website. With a small list of beverages I was asked soon if I was to order or if I needed a few minutes I deferred and requested a glass of water that would never reach even half-empty despite me drinking from it and the restaurant soon filling to capacity.Having debated the specials but eventually undeterred from the reason I'd come in the first place I soon placed my order for a sandwich and an 'appetizer' which I was told would be 'just a few minutes' and as while I waited I checked out the small market at the Take Away section featuring the focaccia, cans of tomatoes, dried pasta, and apparel before returning to my seat where my items would arrive shortly - the first a Manchego and Tomato Sauce Focaccia del Giorno featuring Bianco's wood fired focaccia in all of its spongy topped with sweet, ripe tomatoes and an layer of briny Manchego; at $4.50 probably the most Grandma Slice I've ever had yet at the same time also probably the best...or at least on par with that at DiFara in Brooklyn for of its genre.Moving next to the original target of my desire, a sandwich of Bianco's House Made Mozzarella, Tomatoes, and Basil on Wood Fired Focaccia my first thought was - that is a lot of cheese while my second, after a bite, was - that is a lot of flavor. Perhaps as of a sandwich as you can find and the result of ingredients on quality bread there is really nothing 'special' about the composition of this sandwich aside from the fact that it simply - a largely unmanipulated only by a touch of sea salt and black pepper.Largely unaware on entering that Pane serves dessert it was with much that I realized soon after sitting down that three options were that day and while the flourless chocolate cake I saw emerge from the kitchen to the table next to me looked quite there was simply no way I was passing up the Organic Vanilla Bean Rice Pudding with Candied Pecans - another stunner with creamy Arborio rice imbued with a vanilla custard flicked with whole vanilla beans and a few pecans for crunch. and smooth, flavorful without being overly sweet, and *almost* thick to stand a spoon up straight it was not quite the rice pudding I've ever had - but a five contender without a shadow of a - a reason in and of itself to return to Pane Bianco...though to be fair, if I returned it would take daily specials to prevent me from ordering the exact same trio of items once again. With Chris and his team now two for two it is only a matter of time before I make my way to Italian Restaurant... and honestly, that time is likely measured in hours and days as opposed to weeks and months. [SEP]
3	The person before me reviewed Phoenix Greyhound Park as a Flea Market. I....will be reviewing the Greyhound Park in Dog Race form. We came here during 4th of July night, after many drinks and BBQ-ing and swimming at my relatives home. Prior to leaving to come here, it sounded a idea - I was comparing the dog races to the Del horse races in San Diego in my head.But, during the drive, I started feeling wary. This is Arizona, and they're racing dogs in 110 degree heat? What is the constant tugging at my heartstrings? This isn't working for me. The track is outdoor, while the patrons betting on these animals sit indoor in stadium seating, behind huge glass windows, watching giddily while drinking beer and eating snack bar-type foods. Admission is free. They do keep the dogs indoor before racing them. I decided I'd and bet on a race, then immediately felt an asshole when they brought the dogs around for the camera and I saw them dressed in numbered garb and muzzles. I lost, but I didn't bet for the rest of the races we stayed for, it just didn't feel right.Everyone else had a time, though, especially the winners. How can I get so about the horse races but not the dog races? I'm a walking contradiction. [SEP]
5	I this place! A bit pricey, but quality.Been here twice and haven't had anything we didn't like. The meat is quality and they'll cook it how you desire as opposed to places that won't cook something below medium well.Great toppings for burgers, fries and shakes. Although everything is so big and filling I certainly can't have all that in one trip!Definitely a tasty treat. [SEP]
4	So as our last restaurant in Phoenix, I decided to visit Green, due to its reviews and popularly. I got the Kung Po with beef, which was only $7, which is and really good.The restaurant is hidden in a little corner, so it's a little to find, but the interior is and beautiful. As a tip, just remember that you seat yourself and you have to get the menus at the counter. Took us a while to realized that.Overall, cheap, really and place.(: [SEP]
1	Ok, im not getting the reviews on this place. I FINALLY made it Lamar's before they closed for the day and tried a couple donuts. I have a few here. The big one, can we please list that only the donuts with holes are $5.49 for 6? Its a bit to just list the price of 6 and ring up the donuts and have them turn out to be over $7. Makes me want to buy my donuts from someone else. Second, these donuts are WAY over priced and they are average at best. The maple bar tastes you are eating spoon fulls of sugar they are so sweet. And the rest of the donuts I tried were stale. This will be the first and last time I will be going to Lamar's. Give me Krispy Kreme or anyone else for that matter. god for Lamar's we dont have Spudnuts in the valley because they would be out of business. [SEP]
5	I am with MS. The heat of summer about does me in, esp. in the car. Because of this, and because the thing I've ever done for myself was to buy an electric Hamilton-Beach water kettle, I drink TEA. All day. Loads of it. Teavana is MUCHO EXPENSIVE, though I it. I learned of the Tea District through somebody's ad and them very much as well. But, I had no idea we had a tea company in Phoenix. And because of HomeRun, I was allowed to buy THREE vouchers. And because DragonFly is so awesome, they let me use all three to buy tea online and have it shipped to me all at once to avoid huge s&h fees. It should be here any day, and I can't wait to try their Cab(ernet) against Teavana's Opus Rouge. I red heavily tart, fruity teas. It doesn't matter to me if there is no white, green, or black tea in it. In fact, I it to just be the fruit. I drink it hot, and then as it cools all day in my tea pot, I keep refilling and either each huge travel mug with lid in the microwave, or drink it room temp, or even add some ice if it is particularly strong. I can EASILY drop $150 at Teavana, or $120 at Tea District and just touch on what I most want. With your three vouchers $60, I got to try two bags of every flavor I most wanted, except (as they are out of it, but Holly wrote me several times and made based on what I had in my cart). I know I will it, and go back to order the when it is in stock again. you so much for finding a local and making it accessible. Sincerely, Judith Ann HillardPresident of Addiction Overcome, Inc., a non-profit foundationAuthor of The Other Woman at the Wellwww.addictionovercome.com [SEP]
5	Do you shit-music and half dressed plastic surgery queens gyrating all around you, while you pay twelve dollars for your appletini? If your answer is yes, don't coming here. Dive bars are in Phoenix, but the Bikini is in my 'hood. It's a dirty, unassuming place, with a couple of no-nonsense bartenders and a jukebox. There are a couple of rules to follow when visiting the Bikini: 1. Bring cash. Cards aren't accepted, the atm machine is there for decoration only, as it hasn't in at least two years. 2. Don't make of the guy in the overalls and farmer hat. He's my neighbor. 3. Don't piss off the bartenders. Tip them well, treat them nicely, and don't order more than three martinis. If you are to them, they will be to you. This includes, but is not to: the strength of your drinks, the price of your drinks, and whether or not you get a drink at all. They take no shit. If you can't handle it, stay away. The place gets as it is. [SEP]
1	I have nothing more to add, but I don't want anyone to think 'only a few' people had about this planned festival. Oh, wait, I do. I was there with my 4 year old grand-daughter (and my daughter), since there were going to be kids attractions as as the food trucks. I thought it was nuts that 3 minutes of jumping around cost $3. But I guess it was with the $4 water and $7 beers.And it would help if there was some roadway controls and/or temporary signage. By 11am, traffic backed up (down) Pima from the event to Indian Bend and over towards the 101. Cars were skipping ahead and cutting into line, further entrance. If is measured by interest, the festival was a success. If by performance and customer satisfaction, not so much. And how can a vendor commit to showing and not have food to feed the presold ticket holders? Why your hard-fought reputation? [SEP]
5	I'm so I didn't discover the Herb Box sooner. I went for a girl's lunch and was blown away - by the decor, the vibe, the view and the food - and this was during the winter. I can't wait for patio weather because this will become a weekend go-to spot for me. The salads and sandwiches are and the fries and chips - moly! They're and you'll get tons of them. The decor is with a traditional and I could seriously move in. If you and your mom and girlfriends the feel of Arcadia Farms, give Herb Box a whirl. It's got the same feel, but more modern. it. [SEP]
4	Sundays are a day to do, well, a whole lot of nothing. After a day of avoiding anything or constructive, a friend and I decided to stop by for some Irish-style refreshments. Located in what seems to be the World's Largest Strip Mall With Parking Lot, this is a very low-key place. It was not at all on this particular afternoon, and as an added bonus, pints were Sunday bargain-priced at $3! I tried my first ever Pear (Guinness on of Ace Pear Cider) - dangerously good. I if it can be counted as a serving of fruit...You can't have an Irish bar without fish & chips, and theirs is - a large slab of lightly-battered fish which was more than for sharing, served with a stack of french fries. While I thick-cut steak fries, these ones were consumed with no whatsoever! you, Chymist, for assisting me in my quest for non-productivity. [SEP]
3	I to call this My Basha's. On the side, the selection of wine and beers is extensive, the produce is with quite a few organic choices. The natural foods section has a number of surprises and they've added some new bulk dispensers there as well. I've had mixed experiences getting help in the meat section but the checkout up front is always quick, much than some of the other grocery store chains out there. [SEP]
1	It's been a few months since I've been here, and what a change, not for the better. I usually get the same thing to start with, ceviche and pollo asado. Both are usually quite delicious, not this time.The ceviche had absolutely no flavor to it. As if the chef tried to make it as flavorless as possible. I did not finish it as it was not in the least. Now for the tacos. taco shells, dried and overcooked chicken, slopped on guac and no pico de gallo. The tacos were so I tried to rescue them by asking for pico de gallo, since they did not put any on, and then I was charged $1.00 extra. Of course, no manager was anywhere in sight. This place simply doesn't care. On the side, the margaritas and salsa are still good, but the chips were stale.Not only will I not return, but I can no longer this place to businessmen from out of town. I see dozens of new business people every day who stay in Scottsdale and they always ask for Mexican food, and I've always said Cien Agaves. No more. [SEP]
4	Came here in a after not having slept for a loooong time and flying in to the airport with Dad; reminds me of the breakfast diners in Chicago, got the combo with turkey sausage (still greasy--defeats the purpose), eggs (always the same everywhere), french toast (more white bread, nothing too special but filling), coffee. atmosphere and no major problems, would be for the weekend brunch! [SEP]
5	There is something for everyone on the menu. It's more than pizza. The service is great. Get a table on the terrace and you get the view of the park and fountain. I will keep going back. [SEP]
3	This is a quick grab some food kind of place.. this is not by any stretch 'THE' place to go for Thai- It's for lunch specials... expensive-ish for dinner for what it is. It's fine. We go for lunch because they are (insert premade everything), but when we get of the same 'ol same 'ol we head to Thai Hut. We have had some instances of meals being too hot/spicy for our table, so be sure you mean spicy when you order a spicy dish. [SEP]
5	I cannot say things about this place! The food is and the customer service is probably the I've ever experienced. Every time my boyfriend and I dine here the owner visits with us and asks how we are, etc. I've only had Pho at a couple of places in town so I can't speak to the authenticity but it tastes and every time. Places that make food and offer the kind of customer service these places do (and family owned is always a plus for me!) are just priceless. UnPhogettable is always the drive to Mesa. [SEP]
5	salad, pizza, and wine. We got the Padre pizza which is not on the menu, but fig, prosciutto, arugula, and ricotta... so delicious!! The crust is perfect! The part is they have several BOTTLES of wine under $12. Yes, you could usually barely get a glass for that amount. Sold... ! We had the Four Vines ZIn that was for only $10.99. [SEP]
2	Are you serious? $4.50 for domestic beers during the usual hour time? That includes Old Style (we were there for the Cub game)!! At grocery stores you can get a 6-pack of Old Style for $4.50! And charging $5.50 for a Corona?! Cra-zy!World Sliders? These were the sliders ever, I think Jack and the Box sliders are better. Almost $10 for six southwestern sliders with a patty the size of a half dollar that got in the bun, one jalapeno, a small square of cheese, and salsa to make the bun soggy. I know they have a prime location being outside of the ballpark and all, but does that really give them the to charge whatever they want? They are going to make money regardless, they don't have to be about it! [SEP]
5	I go to Pro's Ranch Market often for lunch- sometimes several times a week. I've had the street tacos, chile relleno, burritos, and some other tasty treats. I'm a huge fan of the agua fresca stand- my favorites are the strawberry, pineapple, and horchata. And the bakery... oh, the bakery. They have everything you could want including individual servings of flan and tres leches cake. The store itself has the produce in town, a giant meat counter, and a assortment of cheeses. Ranch Market also has tortilla chips and salsas. This is one of my places to go if I'm on my way to a BBQ or party- there are so many options! [SEP]
5	this place! A must stop for anyone downtown needing a snack or a drink! Very hour and flavor combinations.On my last visit, I was to try some hour toasts and fish and chips. Zero disappointment. [SEP]
5	I have only eaten here once, but i cannot wait to go back! the service was phenomenal, the potstickers huge and delicious! the orange beef - just as as a pf changs! I had a restaurant.com coupon, purchased $10 gift card for .80 cents! Highly recommend! [SEP]
4	This place is one of the dives in a strip mall that seem so in this state. Today was not the first time that I have eaten here but, after reading some of the reviews, thought I would toss in my two cents..... I to go here for lunch. They are and the food is the amount for lunch....maybe a bit too much. I am a creature of habit. Once I find that one thing that I love, I can't help but to run comparisons to other restaurants. Erawan has 2 items on it that I have to name as in Phoenix......Mint Chicken and their Tom Yum Gai soup. FYI, you can not get that soup on the weekends though. So, in short, this place is for lunch and can't speak about how the service is any other time. [SEP]
4	I recently picked up a few satin flower arrangements for a fund raiser event. In of having bought a 'coupon deal' for the store, the owner Rachel was more than to give me the possible pricing and pieces. The arrangements were and she even custom made a couple of them for us. The colors and flowers she uses are very picked and arranged. I highly Flora Unique. [SEP]
4	Everything is at this place, and according to my Japanese friend.I just the fact that they have more than just sushi. Their fish with rice dish was amazing. Since I've come to AZ, I've never seen this dish at any Japanese restaurants around here.The staff is all Japanese, with somewhat English, so I guess you know you're at an place. [SEP]
5	I am not one to out in Downtown Phoenix before or after an event because quite frankly it's boring. However, when I visited Copper Blues on 2/4/12 prior to the comedy show next door I will definitely be hanging out after events.Here's Why ... They have a live band and over sixty beers on tap. It's a environment especially if you sit outside. Budweiser drafts were only $5 and soda was only $3. We didn't try their food but I hear the same owner owns both Copper and Stand Up Live so I am sure the kitchen is the same so I am in saying that the food is because it was at Stand Up Live.Happy hour is 4PM to 7PM Sun-Thurs so its basically when any event is taking place during on those days.On this Satuday night people were having a time. The draft beer was and fresh. The music was and the bartender was real and answered all of our questions cheerfully.We had such a time that me and my wife are going back to Copper Blues on 2/23/12 to out and drink with friends prior to our comedy show next door.This is a spot and you have to check it out especially if you are going to the show next door ! [SEP]
4	I recently visited the Arizona Science Center, & today came to check this one out, joined by Mike C. Ok, it's not the same thing, but I'd say this one rules! There's plenty to see here, It's for both adults & kids. A couple of the features are an old MINE to go through, & lots of DINOSAURS!! :-))The walkways kind of wind all over the place, so try to keep track of where you've been, & not anything. They've put a lot of into this museum, & you're going to it!Open Tue thru Fri 10-5, Sat 11-5, Sun 1-5, Closed Monday.Adults: $10Kids 3-12: $6Students 13+ with ID: $8Seniors 65+: $9 [SEP]
5	It's just a steakhouse. One of the most upscale, all around dining experiences in Phoenix. It's expensive. Very expensive. But probably it. Figure $150-200 for a couple.I had the double filet medallion with blue cheese melted and a wine demiglaze. Absolutely outstanding, tasty meats. Equal or than Morton's or Ruth's Chris or Capitol Grill (that's on the menu for tomorrow night). Smashed potatoes were very but nothing to write home about. Veggies were good.Started with the ceasar salary, with a big pile of anchovies. Perhaps the Caesar I've ever had.Desert was the mouse cake. Good, but not to for.Their hour is also an value. Come before six and drinks are half off, and they serve little mini steak sandwhiches, which are very good.Hint: If you have kids, go to hour and have a drink or two. Cocktails are in the $7 range hour price. Cucumber cooler was quite for a cocktail. Let the kids eat the sandwiches, and then head to the dining room for a couple of filets. The kids are full, you are primed for a steak, and the complete of a kids menu doesn't matter. Honestly, otherwise, there really aren't any kids options. I know, it's not a place for kids, even behaved, but sometimes you want to a special occasion with family. It would be if they offered a mini-filet for 12 and under for $15, or a burger and fries for $10 for the kids. Just a thought.Anyway, experience, food. A really upscale, while linen, old style steakhouse kind of place to have prime beef. [SEP]
5	place, amounts of food for little money, they serve koolaide!!!! Its all I it both times so far, once in 2003 when I went to review it for the school newspaper, and again 8 years later when I drove by it and the nostalgia made me try it again with the fiance [SEP]
3	gelato. Some real, some artificial flavors.Comparable to Gelato Spot, I guess.Nowhere near the same league as Arlecchino, though. However, any place that doesn't use 100% real fruit, chocolate, etc... will never compare to Arlecchino.If you're already at Tempe Marketplace, MDG serves the purpose. [SEP]
5	food and very service. to recommend! [SEP]
3	Durant's has that old, musty, dark, Mafia feel. the atmosphere and allure. We mainly sit at the bar, but have dined in. The hour specials are good, and we have tossed a few back here having talks and the ambiance.Now for the bad: The food is for it's quality. The steaks look fatty, the salads wilted, and flavor bland. It would probably be okay if we weren't looking at 20 plus dollars per entree. Back in the day, Durant's was very high end and elite, so I could see the pricing from that perspective. However, if they want to stay in the game, they need to keep the food up to par as well. 5 stars plus for ambiance, relaxation, a throw back feel, and drinks! 1 star for food and food prices. However, a major landmark in Phoenix, so please check it out! We never know how long these staples will be around. I would just going for drinks and maybe an appetizer. It does ignite the mood and will leave you reflecting on those old days. [SEP]
3	I'm to report these cows gave their for me to eat. you dear moo cows you! These burgers are meaty goodness. Recently I went to a lunch with my bf, her sis and Ma on the fly for her b/day since her first choice to be open on a Sunday afternoon..... Not her their site said they would be open. shaking my in the air didn't update the site. D O U B L E Grrrrr! I suggested Zin since we were in the proximity. So this is my 3rd time at this place. While the portions of everything are large in charge & good. The ingredients are fresh, the meat juicy and the fries are crispy as they should be in my opinion. Note to your mother! Do not the & gym time on the creme brulee shake. It's nothing more then a name on a regular old vanilla shake. Having said that... I am a creme brulee fan so that may have been it's downfall. I was expecting and fireworks etc. I got a really vanilla though don't get me but name it a vanilla shake. Don't market it as a creme brulee shake. How to it and bring a tear to my eye? Put a creme brulee hat on it. Gimmie the crunchy, I'm looking for expect and demand. Just put something on it to give it with that brulee feel or name it a vanilla shake. The way to explain my feelings would be to say it was setting up a date with someone on-line and having them show up and it's they are photogenic but possibly altered a bit and not the hottie in the pics on their profile. It is some one with a personality and looks for sure just not the hottie. Still had a time but my expectations were something else totally. The banana cream pie is de-lish and the Zin burger a def go. If you want a choice go for the Tuna also very and served rare. Mmmmm mmmm good. [SEP]
4	dive bar. [SEP]
4	When I left this place the bartender threw her up in the air and told me to go take on the world. How is that?I was by how it was inside. Plus they have craft beer on tap for $3. Need I say more? [SEP]
5	Yes, please! This place is AMAZING! I brought my family here after coming many times, and everyone IT! The wasabi potatoes are KILLER! I HIGHLY recommend. I really don't know if there is anything to avoid at this place. Just it every time! We have tried many dishes, and they are always flavorful and fabulous. [SEP]
4	it! It was far away from my home in Glendale, but I think it was the trip. We had girls night here a couple weeks ago. We had a waiter, who us with our wine choices. We ordered 4 different types of bruschetta and they were divine! Will come back even though it was a little It still wasn't that considering the quality. [SEP]
5	There's a reason there's a banner that reads,' Food Network Challenge Winner', hanging in their farmer market booth. I've had Pastry Chef Chris's gingerbread cookies; biscotti; coconut/chocolate cookies; and their carrot cake, and they have all been really, really, reaaaaally good! But today, at the Ahwatukee Farmers Market, I was knocked out by what she calls Sunshine. Words can not describe how their and cream & graham crust tart/pie is.Lemon tarts/pies are among my all time desserts. I thought that the ones I had from TK's bakeries and Veronique Mauclerc were as as a tart/pie could be. Slice Cake Designs Sunshine pie is dangerously perfect...A must try!!!!! [SEP]
5	This is my breakfast & lunch place in Ahwatukee. The food is excellent. The service is and they do what they do perfectly. This isn't a place to go for sit down service. It's the blend of self-service meets restaurant quality food. Have the Croque Monsieur--or add an egg to make it a Croque Madame. You will not be disappointed. The bread and the baked goods are so you could make a substantial meal off them alone.Finally, this is a small local business that truly cares about its community. They have shown up at two community fund raising events with huge boxes of warm, freshly baked cookies to donate. I'm to have a place of this caliber in my neighborhood. [SEP]
3	I have some with this place, but you can't avoid BRU when you are having a baby. It's got convenience, selection, and price going for it. We set up a baby registry here mainly out of convenience. It was fine, but I started noticing that they'd discontinue items from the registry and about a week or two later put them back on. They aren't always the cheapest, but when you are strapped for time, trolling the Internet for deals isn't going to happen, and this is where BRU scores. They know they can get you when you are and need whatever.The bathrooms are grody here. After being pregnant, I've seen a lot of bathrooms. It seems a store catering to pregnant women, new moms, etc. would have bathrooms because the likelihood is that we'll use them 9 times in a hour trip. Staff is generally friendly, and the store is organized. Selection in store is good. [SEP]
5	I was with this place. I had the Mongolian Lamb and an Asahi beer. It totaled $14.00 before tip which I thought was for dinner and especially for a lamb dish. The portions were very and even though I was starving when I stopped in, I ended up only eating about half of the meal before getting full. It was delicious. lamb and a sauce.The waiter was very and and the food came out quickly. It was very inside and the decor was tasteful. I did not expect that one of the Chinese restaurants (of course in my opinion) would be located in Avondale. I feel for frequenting the Pei Wei on Dysart and McDowell so often when a non-chain place of this caliber is up the road. [SEP]
3	Hit up this joint a couple times while in town for Padres spring training the past several years .. it's sports-theme hangout for large groups .. plenty of TVs, service is very good, food is decent, big of drinks .. but it can get a bit here for a casual place.Location is for those hanging out in the franchise capital of the world--Peoria. [SEP]
4	service. Ordered the Veggie burro. Should have gotten 3 friends to help me finish it. [SEP]
5	There're times when you eat something and you want more. Then there are times when you eat something and you know you will never have anything quite it. For me, I experienced both of those at Pizzeria Bianco. My buddy and I drove almost 500 miles from Santa Barbara for a Giants-Diamondbacks game and thought we'd try this place I had heard about. We arrived late so there was about a one hour wait but man, was it it. We ordered a Biancoverde and a Wiseguy. I was a bit at first because they each didn't have tomato sauce I was used to, but I realized I dont care much for tomato sauce in the first place and I'm always up for trying new things. DECISION OF THE DAY. The Biancoverde was my favorite. It was so simple (3 cheeses, arugula, and olive oil) yet so amazing. It has left me wanting more to this day. The staff was and friendly, not to mention a few cuties. I will definitely drive 500 miles for it again. In fact, I'll be making my way to Phoenix in a few weeks, JUST for the pizza! [SEP]
3	store, parking - prices too with the gas points is a bonus. [SEP]
5	i know, i know. this gelato is a bit on the side, especially when you consider that phoenix now has a bajillion gelato shops, that each offer a million and one flavors for a few washingtons. HOWEVER, arlecchino is definitely the BEST. it's theprice, the drive, and the parking hassle. the owners are and accommodating, and although there is a sample limit, the workers have never said no more. the flavors are classic, inventive, fresh, and authentic. plus, it's such a cute, tiny little hole-in-the-wall shoppe, that you can't help but it in all it's glory. [SEP]
5	I first visited this restaurant after my friend pushed me to visit the Hawaiian festival at the Tempe Town Lake a few months ago.Big deal, I thought. How can a Hawaiian festival be fun?Well, the food was amazing. And after having half a rotisserie chicken, I was craving for more.A few days later, I finally began my search for the (or near perfect) Hawaiian restaurant, in which I can my Hawaiian cravings.My first stop was Mai Island Grill, located in/near the Arizona State University campus. Parking was a bit of a challenge; this is especially true during the lunch hour.When I finally found a parking spot, I went in and ordered. I had the short ribs plate. The plates include one scoop of macaroni salad and steamed rice.After placing my order for the short ribs, I ordered the Spam musubi.The guy preparing food replied with a laugh.Is it good? I askedJay -- the man who operates this restaurant -- replied, Yes it's good. Then he said something about how the guy who laughs never laughs (or something that).About 10 minutes later, my food was ready.The food was fantastic; just what I was looking for!The prices are very reasonable. Plates are about $10 and less.I also suggest that you try the fish, beef, grilled chicken, and pork katsu.And finally, I hope that this place continues to provide the same liberal portions. Also, I think it would be if Mai Island Grill began serving two scoops of macaroni salad and two scoops of rice (just a fantasy of mine).Additional Notes:- Cash Only.- Opens late in the morning and closes early in the afternoon (call for exact hours).- There never seems to be any Lumpia! :-/ [SEP]
4	I actually the Waterfront Grill. I have never been there during bar hours, so it might not be a later in the evening, but I usually go around 5-7 for dinner and the food has always been excellent. I usually get the buffalo chicken wrap, but sometimes I go with the fish tacos. Both are and the service is (because usually my and my friend are the only ones in there - I often how it stays open). The cookie is awesome! It is the Piezooki and Oregano's. Just as good. [SEP]
1	They added broasted chicken to their menu... I me some broasted chicken, so in I went to investigate.I do not me THEIR broasted chicken.To me it tasted rubbery and had a odor, and it was so salty that an hour later I could still taste it. I ordered a few pieces and I ate part of one and then bolted.I can't speak to anything else on the menu. Their garlic knots, for what it's worth, were fine. [SEP]
5	I really don't these types of Mexican food places because I feel my mom makes Mexican food. Just a note: Not all Filibertos are the same. Food taste wise.....This Filibertos is though! They make Spanish rice, and beans! All the food is great! But I the rolled tacos if it's going to be your first time here. I think it's combo #8 haha. They also have some old school arcade games. That's a plus for me haha. Please stop going to Macayos they have the tasting Mexican food. [SEP]
3	Growing up near this little hole in the wall, this place was a constant stop for my family. It's really good, chinese food that basically tastes you would expect it to. Now that I live farther away I still have cravings for their orange chicken and chicken rice. If you're nearby during lunch try out a lunch special, really prices! [SEP]
5	Please give this place a try when you're making your next stop at Pita Jungle. This restaurant seems to be very underrated and overlooked. We went on a Wednesday night around 7:30pm and it was empty while Pita Jungle was packed. Just the two of us on the patio, which was very nice. The interior and atmosphere are great. tables & chairs, candles, shelves with wine bottles and art, and a very bar.An Iranian family owns the restaurant and cooks everything themselves. That's the first sign of a establishment. They were to us and brought us whatever we needed. They gave us some suggestions, their Iced Black Tea, which is fantastic. It has a few other elements to it including Lavender. They brought us extra pita when we ordered some appetizers as without us even asking.For our appetizers, we tried the hummus and the tabooli. The hummus was very creamy but a little plain. We wished there was more flavor or spice to it. Not a big deal. That was the only part of our meal that was not 5 stars, but 4 stars. The tabooli....ridiculous. I've never been a fan of tabooli. It usually has too much parsley. But their version was perfectly.For an entree, I tried the Chicken Shawarma and we a side of Basmati rice with saffron. A huge plate of rice with seasoning. The saffron and olive oil gave the fluffy rice texture. The Shawarma was and delicious. The chicken was cooked and nicely.For dessert, we tried the Persian vanilla ice cream with rose water and saffron as as the Baghlava. The ice cream was some of the we've had. flavor. The Baghlava was a to the ice cream. A from the honey and the dough was great.So in summary, atmosphere, owners, out-of-this-world food, and very affordable. Everything we had came to about $32. We will return many times in the future because their menu is very promising. Just wish their name fit the type of place that it is. The current name makes it sound just another Middle Eastern restaurant, which it definitely is not. [SEP]
5	Elmer, I you.I have since I was a senior at Chandler High. Back then I was so I could only get a bean burrito and strips...and they were dang good. If anyone wants to about strips just being chips and cheese they can it.Now days I am a little less so I always get the green chili burro. And it is always so good. Spicy to a little and the tortilla is always fresh...thanks man.And your little Mexican Heart, you serve corn dogs...so I can even come here with my kids. I you Elmer. I always will. [SEP]
4	We went to Christopher's with the Deal Chicken 3-course dinner. The food was very and the service was just as good. The lobster bisque was a bit too thin for my taste and is something I would pass on in the future. The lamb was and the tuna salad was tasty as well. We opted to order dessert and the mousse tower was delicious. We were saddened that they did not have the marnier souffle on the night we went, which was highly recommended. Will return! [SEP]
4	Our group a lunch here this past Sunday. The patio is for people watching on a afternoon. Appetizer: Crab Cakes. The guys really the crab cakes which appeared to be served with some sort of cream sauce with diced red and yellow bell peppers. Appetizer: Spinach Cheese Dip. This dip fits the standard and is served with crispy pita-esque bread pieces. I truly the large selection of Gardein entrees they serve for Vegetarians and Vegans that want to not-so- bar grub our omni friends. ** Be sure to note any dietary restrictions upon placing your order. I ordered the beef sliders original style and they came with cheese which was not mentioned on the menu. They added a side of lettuce and the and buffalo sauces to my plate. I there shoe string fries. My companions their ahi tuna salad and steak entrees. As far as drinks go, there is a large menu sure to please everyone in your party! [SEP]
4	The Sushi was fab!! We had some specialty rolls and Shashimi, both were very melt in your mouth fresh!Service was a bit as I think they only had 2 waitresses for the entire place.Cost seemed to be very reasonable.Would certainly make the drive from South Scottsdale there again! [SEP]
4	This is the king of asian buffets! The price is a little high but its it. This is one of the few buffets were everything you try and put on your plate is good. Service was well, especially for a buffet. P.S.=You watch out for me in the lines cuz I'm when I get in buffet mode. [SEP]
1	this is a business located in the fry's grocery strip mall on mckellips and recker I wont say much but don't the waitless girl was about as pleasent as a hemroid the beer selection sucked. I belive the owner was there at least the guy looked the owner. it's always to me how the service can be so w/owner in house. [SEP]
4	I really this place and have eaten there several times. They just recently changed their menu but I the brew additions. The coconut shrimp are and the ahi tuna salad is to for for! I did have the chimichurri flank steak sliders but they weren't good. Our waitress was and offered me something else. [SEP]
4	Delicious. Can't be the pricing on the lunch menu at a sit down restaurant. interior decor that doesn't Chinese restaurant. So far I've had the House Special Chicken and and Chicken. Both were great. [SEP]
5	Did I ever write about the time I left my ipad here? Didn't realize for a couple of hours. Heart racing, I called, emailed, hoped it would be recovered. What responses! I got an email early next morning, lots of reassurances, help for when/ how to pick up... Ok so I've reviewed this place before, key words are dishes, a light touch for subtle flavor (right now I'm having a plate of greens, shaved herbs, summer wrapped around burrata--- who woulda thought?) but most is the heart warming service of all who care for you here. Oh.. And there's mightly wine on tap. Heh heh.. [SEP]
4	Why did I stop coming going to Pro Ten Nail Shop? They are located very close to where I and I used to go to this shop all the time, they do a job on pedicures! I got what would be called a deluxe pedicure with designs on my toes for only $27 bucks!!! Can you believe that!! They have signs all over asking for the customer's to pay in cash, that why they can offer us the lower prices! I am more than ok with paying in cash and my toes are looking cute! I think I am on my way to becoming a regular again for sure! [SEP]
3	It serves the purpose. That's about it.Raging Waters it is not. A smaller water park attached to a mini golf course it is.Slides are fun. Night splash is great--no sun, bearable temperatures and no sun burn. I definitely would never go during the day. I couldn't imagine standing in line for 1 hour+ with no shade, 110+ temps and misters (I didn't see a functioning mister in the entire park). Park could use a bit maintenance. Staff could use a bit of training. Lines were very disorganized. Staff didn't have much of a clue as to what was going on. Ex: spent our last 45 minutes waiting for the wave pool, getting into the wave pool and waiting about 15-20 minutes only for the wave pool to never come on and for the park to close. almost a full hour out of the 4 that night splash is open was a bit disappointing.I'd probably still return. But only because there's nothing in the valley. [SEP]
5	The food is EXCELLENT! We have been 5 times now, and everything we have had has been delicious! We will continue to dine w Bill and IL Bosco! The Caprese is AWESOME! [SEP]
3	The actual bar (especially the outdoor area) is really in the cooler months. That being said its also near the university so can be overcrowded with snotty hipsters at times. A place to socialize with prices, and oysters, yum. [SEP]
4	My first experience with PCG was at a small, yet Yelp event. I've been back twice and have been just as impressed.The first time was for brunch, and I the griddled corn cakes. No, I just don't them, I insist you have them. Even if you are to corn, take the plunge and try these...unless you might die, then stay away as that might be PR for PCG. Topped with smoked ham (that's what I had), chicken, or bacon and served with maple syrup, it was beyond good. I could eat this dish every day of my life. The black beans were okay, but I do think the breakfast potatoes are nothing special and could be upon. I was a big fan of a $4 mimosa, however! Yep, you read that right...4 bucks!Second visit for dinner, and I ordered the cedar planked salmon. A piece of fish cooked and served with a aioli. The accompanying roasted beets were not my thing, and the potatoes were okay (maybe I'm about potatoes?) I also tried a bit of my dining companion's beef tenderloin and it was butter-knife (that's what I cut it with). Served with a stuffed potato and mushrooms, I believe, it will most likely be my next entree. For dessert, we shared the Jack Daniel's croissant bread pudding. We actually shared half, and I most took the other half to my husband who I left at home. Although, I generally don't care for bread pudding, this is NOT your typical bread pudding and probably the bread pudding you can imagine (other than that one recipe that uses a dozen Krispy Kreme doughnuts).Although PCG is a little bit of a drive for me (outside my usual 5-mile maximum radius), I will make that drive and return again. [SEP]
3	I don't know what Bar Smith is trying to be. I feel instead of just saying okay we are going to be a X music club on Saturday night they decided to try and appease too many people. 90s R&B and Hip hop on the first floor Techno Electronica on the roof bar. oooooKAY.I visited the during the 4th Annual Pub crawl at 11:30 at night the place was still empty. Drinks-MehCrowd-Meh, I am still trying to find the young professional males in this area.Layout- I itBouncers-Really big and but then again I smiled a lot and didn't give them a time about my ID. The last 2 is what gives it the A-Okay and not a full out Meh. I could see throwing a party there, people dancing outside and on rooftops. This has both and the first floor DJ was decent, all things considered. I will give this place another chance. Maybe it can itself up to 4 stars. [SEP]
4	This has always been our local Chinese take out - and especially on Chinese New Year, the special menu. OMG its good. We always call for takeout, one or two items and we are so close that by the time I get in the car and drive there, its done...less than five minutes. This place gets very busy, and if you get a chance, try out their Peking Duck, Hong Kong style. Soooo delicious!Another is the snow pea leaves (not on the menu!!! cost extra), and the Seafood Bean Curd Soup. I the soup here, so many morsels, you can't go with it ever. [SEP]
4	up at Rock Bottom by chance had been wanting Carrabbas all day, due to being brain washed by commercials on TV so that when a friend said lets go out for dinner I was all gun ho to say Carrabbas, then he said Im in the mood for steak I tossed the pasta idea out the window and said Bring on the beef, plus never been to Rock Bottom so I was at being able to try a new place! It was a Sunday night and the place was simi empty, which was nice. Service was and and I the overall vibe of the place. I ordered the Texas Fire Steak which was sirloin with peper and smoking jalapeno butter, man it was delish!! Even the veggies were good! Looking forward to another trip there to try out some more the menu! [SEP]
2	I have been going here for 4 or 5 years now because I really TRY to be a customer. I can't justify spending any more money here. 5 years in the owner is to me, but still doesn't know my name. I go there 10 times a year minimum - so it shouldn't be that to at least RECOGNIZE me.I decided to have my wedding dress altered there this year because I knew and her. She made a big to do about my dress and my wedding, but when I stopped by with my ENTIRE wedding party to pick up ALL of our dresses, she had no idea what we were talking about. Dress? What type of dress? Uh, my WEDDING dress? The only one in the store? Hanging there?Every pair of pants she has hemmed for me - from jeans to slacks - has been too short, by over an inch, and she charged me SIX dollars to sew a button back on... when I brought her the button.I am sure there is service elsewhere, along with prices. [SEP]
5	This is my Sushi Spot in Phoenix. I see Sushi Chefs from other restaurants coming here to eat during their off time. =)The prices are very reasonable, and all of the rolls and sashimi are very and crafted to by the old timers.The Ramen Noodle Bowl is awesome, and nothing what you would buy in the grocery store. It is topped with pork, fish cake, bamboo, and seaweed. I highly recommend.They even have a salmon skin roll, which was very flavorful and not always at every establishment. I wish that i would have taken a picture of the last one that I purchased, it was absolutely perfect.They also offer Takoyaki, which is an octopus dumpling ball. You would have no idea that it contained octopus unless you were familiar with the dish. these are absolutely and highly addictive. You have to try these during your visit.The last time that I was there, I had to try the Ichigo Mochi Ice Cream. It was green tea ice cream, surrounded by a rice flour shell and topped with whipped cream. It really hit the spot and I was so full but in a and way.If you Sushi, and you think that RA is cool, hit yourself on the head for being a complete and go check this place out and get schooled on what Sushi is all about. Your mouth will you for doing the thing!Cheers and keep up the at the place.FYI... Bring your own Saki if you need booze with your meal. I say, just the meal without alcohol and see how and the meal makes you feel. [SEP]
2	Food was but the service was horrible! I would suggest to take out don't dine in. I ordered the eggs Benedict, instead of Canadian bacon, they put crispy bacon on it served it with hash browns and a salad with a balsamic vinegarette. The two girl working there were so unprofessional from their interaction to the attire. [SEP]
5	5 stars isnt enough!!! I the whole Briggs family. I have been going to this dentist since I was 8 years old and they have always been so to me. I that I walk in the door and they make me feel at home. They are so and everything in that place is actually comforting.They use the most high tech things I have ever seen, and its to know I'm getting care for my pearly whites. I them to everyone I know! [SEP]
2	Food was ok. Servers ok but cashier was horrible! Ok, some people are just not meant to in the food industry. At least smile! Place had a very smell! At first we thought maybe because we were sitting kinda close to the restrooms but the farther we moved from there the the got! Maybe if I'm I will go back! [SEP]
5	Can not say about this place. I it. I it! I simply it! We have always had really service and the food! Well, the chips are thin and salty yumness and I the salsa. They keep you filled up and aren't other places which try to an empty container!Number 16 Combo is my pleasure! I have had it many times the way it's intended: Chicken enchiladas with red sauce...but lately I've been getting it with Fundito sauce and I've gotta tell you: I'm hooked! Try it........it's a little more $$$ but SO it!I haven't had since I'm gluten but the size of the ice cream is Gigantic. My daughter swears by it!Man, I wish they were open now...cravings have begun anew.... [SEP]
4	I entered the CPK world late in life, and I'm about it because, apparently, I've been missing out. CPK is great! Contrary to what I thought, it's not just a place for pizza. Although the place can suit all sorts of tastebuds, I would going JUST for the pizza. I went this evening for the second time in two weeks and ordered the BBQ chicken chopped salad. It maybe could've used a little more dressing, but it was still good, so I can't too much. When I went last week, I ordered one pizza from the MANY options available, and I have to say, there is a reason it is called the California PIZZA Kitchen and not the California SALAD or PASTA Kitchen. So 'Yay! I'm a fan.' of the PIZZA here. The other stuff....meh. The servers are always here, and I never wait a long time for the food to come out. Prices are what you would expect for a chain restaurant. Parking isn't usually a unless there's an event going on at Tempe Marketplace. The up-side to eating at this particular location is that you can browse the shopping area before you stop in or after you're done eating.Be forewarned: If you are ever asked if you want avocado with your salad, and you say yes, you WILL be charged extra. Look out for this attack. [SEP]
4	Are you one who the of a brand new car? How about the smell, or in this case, of smell, of a brand new gym? Now, for a time, a completely unsullied 24 Hour Fitness, at the MetroCenter, of all places.At its current new state (it's been open for a week), this 24 Hour is in much condition than the one on Camelback. No surprise there - everything inside here is brand spanking new.The details:* In contrast to other 24 Hours in the Valley, this one actually will remain open 24/7 (versus closing at night on the weekends). The guy at the front desk said this is due to how this location is zoned vs the other ones.* The cardio area is equipped with 11 flatscreen TVs hanging from the ceiling, with one even tuned into soccer-centric GolTV (which means one less tuned to all those talking heads on cable news stations - bonus). * The adjoining weight area is larger than the Camelback location and currently has all its dumbbells in place on the shelves, and all its weight machines are working. No new types of machines, though (this is a 24 Hour Fitness after all) but still all the standards, plus four flat benches and four incline benches. * Full basketball court (which could also be into two half-sized courts). Camelback this.* Large stretch/ab area which also includes some contraption straight out of Tron/Blade Runner. I stood there and looked at all the diagrams, acknowledged that it must be useful, and walked away.* Standard group X classroom, childcare* A pool area. If you've been to many 24 Hour Fitness, you'll know that this is a hugely factor. I anticipate it's not going to remain for long, but doing laps in a crystal pool was awesome. No dankness here (yet). * lockerroom with wood-paneled lockers and branded Dial Ultimate hair & body wash. I'm assuming the women's lockerroom has their own corporate soap sponsor (I find all this a little odd, but go figure). But beyond soap, there's some contraption called SuitMate which is a salad spinner for your swim trunks. Just throw your trunks inside it, press down, and in 30 seconds your trunks are water-free. How is that?* Is going here after for your car, you ask? Well, when I left the gym two hours later at around 9:45 pm, my car was still there in the parking lot, untouched. Seems the MetroCenter is full of surprises.* All in all, a gym that I'm sure will be a addition to the area. However, it still rates 4 stars since:A) Although all the equipment is brand new and the latest edition of everything, there is fitness equipment at other gym chains that this one is lacking. B) I'm anticipating what the gym will be in 6 months. If it manages to stay as as it is now by that time, maybe a 5th star will be in order. [SEP]
4	confirmed than subway blimpie quiznos etc etcNot really much else to say that hasnt been said above. Wished they had more vegetarian options :( [SEP]
4	China Garden is one of those places that I crave. I use to live not far from here as I was going through high school and a few years after. I now live in the surprise area but about every two months or so I go out of my way to China Garden for the yummy sesame chicken and teriyaki wings. There and pork is also something to be desired. China Garden does Chinese food the way it was done in the late eighties and early nineties. It's what I grew up knowing and came to love. The and pork has the breading and is left to soak in the and sauce. Chinese food by today's standards leaves me feeling and so I pass it up more and more. The only when I eat china garden is that it will be a while before I get to go back.The egg drop soup is also some of the in the valley. You have to go try it.I have been going here since 1994 and still it. P.S.they do take out and the portions are HUGE for the price [SEP]
2	It is ok Mexican food, not but is for what it is.I don't understand why this place is packed every night of the week. The food does not warrant the crowds. I'm baffled. [SEP]
4	I can't stand 50's retro but this place is the cuteness. Well...I haven't technically been inside. Now, I knew this was a hipster hangout, but I wasn't expecting the girl in the apron or the boy with tattoos to actually be working on the other side of that window. They didn't seem to mind that I was slightly drenched in sweat having walked there under the sun of a blazing March afternoon. They were quite and gave my sister and I a bowl of water for our doggies. Tattoo boy said he would even make us more fries if we wanted. The fries ($2) were not the and neither was my grilled cheese ($4) with tomato (yum!) and pickles (?). However, the food had a home-made quality to it and was all in about a minute. Peeps are about the ingredients and the food is inexpensive. Holler.P.S. Don't forget the Ca$hM0nayyyor to borrow from a sibling! [SEP]
4	Finally made my way to the new Lolo's in Scottsdale. Live close by and really haven't heard of it until about a month ago when I was renting a video at Blockbuster. Decided to go late Saturday before they closed and at about 2pm the place was packed. Was given a choice to sit at the bar which wasn't a problem. by the transformation as this location used to have a Tokyo Express which I would go to at least once a week. I was joined at the bar by 3 other people and given menus. Only I have with my whole meal is that they should have decided the bar so that people can put their legs underneath because the meal required a bit of gymnastics to fit comfortably. Other issue, but one I can forgive is that the 3 people next to me were asked what they wanted to drink, Koolaid, and somehow I became temporarily and wasn't. Took about 5 minutes for anyone to to ask. I can't though because the place was busy and I who doesn't want a new place to be when the food and atmosphere are good.Ordered the Betty Boop (chicken and waffle, and so did the 3 other people next to me...I have that effect on people). Chicken breast and waffle were and I definitely had a sugar high from the 2 gallons of Koolaid that were served to me. I'll make a note to maybe go for some Diet Coke next time. Definitely the place and hope to check it out with my family or a group of friends to have seating. [SEP]
3	Tooooooo crowded!!That takes all the of the place. As a mountain is a place to go up without feeling that you will your lungs. Going down feels than up. Being in regular shape it took us about 50 minutes to go up. A moderate hike and doable by all the family. [SEP]
4	I really this place. There aren't that many lanes, so if you plan to go on a Friday or Saturday night, call ahead and reserve your lane. This place has a lounge area with a sized bar and couch area. Over where the 10 lanes are, there are about 4 pool tables, another bar, and another table and couches area. The end of the lanes have screens above them to watch sports or music videos. They play music very loud. I had a really time. My only complaint, we reserved lanes for 4 hours, and when the 4 hours was up, they wanted us out immediately. They started bussing the tables just taking drinks away. I was busy changing my shoes and didn't notice the busboy grabbed my drink. me, I just purchased that. I let him know that I understood they wanted us gone, but should ask the person sitting there which drink is theirs before throwing it away. As we were leaving, I was at the other table in our area and the busboy asks me if any of the drinks on that table were mine. I reminded him that he threw mine away and he should probably be asking that question to somebody else. It really me. I would definitely it for a Sunday day. I didn't feel we could really relax and have a time on a Saturday because it was too busy and the staff was looking to make money rather than have their guests entertained. [SEP]
3	It is a little restaurant, has a wine list. I ordered the Linguine with clam Sauce, and a glass of pino. Personally i think the food is actually good, northern italian. But the service was just ok. [SEP]
3	I really want to rate the place higher. I what it's all about. Instead of pulling the building down and rebuilding something in that space, it has been converted to a community space. I went to see one of their cult classics, and the staff was ok. It was completely amateur hour - I guess that's ok for the type of movie, etc. The was this was a sold out movie, and the staff brought in folding chairs to sit on to watch - that would have been ok before the movie started, but ithey did it one at a time making for the first 30 minutes of the movie - clanging, whispering, etc. Then they kept getting up and down. They seating was bad. Low seats that reclined - normally that's ok, but there's usually some spring to it. These had no at all. Halfway through my back was and would have to readjust - but there was no way to sit in the chairs. [SEP]
1	This location was a Groupon find... Won't be back. The girl behind the counter was but even though I had the groupon in front of me, she had to read it several times and I had to explain to her what I was supposed to be getting with it. The red light therapy is a idea... But the room the bed was in was lacking. They should hire an exterminator, not leave traps down with all over the floor where people generally have bare feet... Yuck!! [SEP]
4	Went here for dinner tonight. Service was great. They still bring out the plate of pickles, but now they also brought slices of challah bread and rolls (the onion one is awesome).I had the Vegetarian Sandwich. Very tasty. The vegetable cream cheese on the sandwich was excellent. Huge portions. The tomato soup was as well, but not as as the soup at Bravi.I tasted some of the onion strings. Delicious. They had a dipping sauce that was a bit spicy. It was too.My husband got Aaron's Choice - some kind of pastrami/corned beef sandwich. He it, but Mile. Overall a dining experience, and I got some bagels to go! [SEP]
5	Vietnamese food I've had, and I've been to some very Vietnamese places. Very and delicious. [SEP]
5	I Felt a coming on ....... if i could give 10 stars i would !!!!Let me set the scene for you of this Kazilicious Sunday night .....We enter through a planked door set in the rear ...(oh yes thetruth is inside) candlelit passageway you into a sexy,sultrystone interior that is softened by the seating , lighting,wine barrels .. i give his hand a squeeze and because we havehit the mother load within this speakeasy .The Tuscancolors coupled with the stone ..deep ,rich ,decadent !!! His hand onthe small of my back as we approach our seats as the andambiance takes hold .A bowl of olives, 3 cheese fondue with apple ,the Tuscany pizza....sexy noshes ..they know what they are doing here ..soft...firm....dip....bite ..yesssss SO beyond here.....Oh and the wine ,nectar of the gods, sign of fertility , here in thissetting it is Ambrosia ,and your inner God or Goddess will surelyblossom ,and romance will ....It seems thousands of labels here - we went with the M.Chapoutier Le Sizeranne 98' ....Heady ,earthy ,smoky ,deep ,sweet andripe .the of currants and berries .lovely texture ,full bodied.....DIVINE ! let the flirting begin ..coy toying of the glass stem..sweet ..love words escaping on a whisper between sips.We spent around $200 ,worth every penny in my opinion .Prior to the Kaz , the Rokerij was just about the sexiest spot to mein the valley ...these two must share the crown .So to recap ; SEXY, SULTRY,SEDUCTIVE !!!!! posh,swank ...Good Service , wine selection ,yummy tidbits ...Ambiance up the wazoooo .A heady experience ..this is where lovers go ,a prelude to theinterlude of ! [SEP]
3	Hmm-Didn't it, didn't it. I was indifferent.I the decor and if I could give it a half a star just for having an outdoor dining area, I would.The menu left a lot to be desired for me. We went at lunch time so I don't know what the dinner menu looks like.It was just ok. Nothing blew me away. It's for people watching and has a really location. [SEP]
5	Went today for the first time. The quesadillas were the I've ever had. My husband had the Cuban sandwich, which of course I tried...it was equally delicious! The atmosphere made me feel I was back in the Bahamas. And not to forget the staff. We sat at the bar, and the bartenders were and so nice! [SEP]
5	I dream about their chopped salad...I, too, would use it as my screen if I didn't share a computer. [SEP]
5	This is the restaurant chain EVER!!!! I EVERYTHING there and the service has always been A+. The zucchini strips (appetizer) are the in the world, the Caesar salad is the I ever had, even their croutons on the salad are than any!!! Olive oil herb dip is Fabulous, the bread is no other. Most of the dinners that I have tried have been but the Chicken Bryan is magnificent. Waiters and manager the best. [SEP]
5	little place to just explore and TRY so many different samplings. The staff was and friendly! The cupcakes were AMAZING!!! Little tip: buy a baguette to try all the olive oils and tapenades [SEP]
4	The tuna sandwich is fabulous!!! Definitely visit this place!! [SEP]
2	This place wasn't that for the price. I spent 15 on 2 mini grilled cheese sliders and a tea (basically bar food over priced) Not much to choose from on the menu plus portion size didn't equal out to what I paid for. The crowd is very Scottsdale and the staff wasn't that friendly. Definitely wont go back here again. [SEP]
3	We tried this place after reading most of the reviews. I had rice noodle soup w/ fishballs, squid, shrimp & veggies and hubby had shredded pork sandwich. Both were and plenty of food. The pork sandwich was so cheap, it was to believe it wasn't a typo. Beats a Subway anyday! The neighborhood is a bit but if you don't mind that, it is fine. Service was quick and we will definitely revisit this place. People kept pouring in during the dinner hours. Can't beat the price! [SEP]
5	Melrose Pharmacy is my go-to pharmacy. Not only is it in my neighborhood, it is independently owned and operated by Teresa Stickler. Her and her husband Kurt are people who care about the community. The fact that they provide a level of service that their chain store competitors can only dream of is a is the icing on the cake. They are also lightening quick, dispensing most prescriptions while you wait.Moreover, they are a FULL service pharmacy, they also offer delivery (handy when you feel you are on the verge of death) and on the and on a on non-prescription drugs and vitamins (often recommending the lower priced generic brand). In addition, you can find a wide of homeopathic products, as as a selection of snacks, books and small gifts.Even if you don't need to get a prescription filled, it's a visit to check out the retro interior and grab and grab a vintage bottled pop and candy. yet, stop by on a First Friday when the pharmacy features live music, and frequent art shows in the studio in the same complex. [SEP]
2	I had a mammogram completed on 12/12/10. This facility has been covered by my health insurance for over a decade. But not this time. The doctor terminated his contract with the insurance provider on 12/01/10. for $300. [SEP]
5	this place!!!! Was searching for a BBQ place, and this is it!!!!! [SEP]
4	You know what the 'bucks are all about, get a Venti for the long flight you won't it! [SEP]
4	Very old-school. Large portions and staff. salsa and chips. [SEP]
4	Let's see.....89 cents at Taco Bell for a taco that has cheese sprinkles on a cupcake, or a Baja taco that has FIVE pieces of tomato in it? YOUMUSTBEJOKING.Compare your Baja taco to the picture sometime and feel to yell at the counterperson. Yes this happened. Taco Bell should be for complete misprepresentation!!MEANWHILE at Del Taco..... 39 cents for a taco with a amount of cheese and medium (Scorcho) sauce --- THE CHOICE IS CLEAR. Plus the deluxe tacos are CHOCK FULL. I usually get 4 regular tacos and end with 2 deluxe ones.I've had the double cheeseburger once, nothing there. It wants to be an In 'n' Out Double-Double, but it short, when you were a kid and wanted Levi's 505's for Christmas and end up getting Sears jeans.Come for the tacos and LOAD UP I SAY!The burritos are OK too. [SEP]
5	Wow. If you're into owner-driven, husband-and-wife run, casual and unpretentious yet upper-class/comfortable environs, food, service, wine, and music (acoustic live music 3x/wk (with no cover!)), the kind of place where everyone talks to/welcomes everyone yet no one is nosy or cliquish, where the whole place cheerfully claps when Mrs Owner a glass (and someone calls out it's earlier than that normally happens,), wi-fi, where you have a patio with heaters and a front-row Fountain view, wine by the bottle from their extensive retail collection or yours -- with just a $5 corkage (as as a (7-9 reds and 7-9 whites selection by the glass for $7-$10), a craft beer selection (Union Jack IPA!), couches, hightops, an l-shaped bar, local artwork (also for sale), this will be your new place.If you stuffy, over-priced, boring, see-to-be-seen places with (or no) music, this place isn't for you.Second time here and Mr Owner greets me by name. Are you kidding?! Does that happen anymore? And when I say to him that's cool, someone else in the bar comments about how I must be new because that's just how they do it here.You can order anything off the menu from next door (Euro Pizza Cafe) for no up-charge. Amazing. Get the Dr Oz Sautéed Veggies.. me. This place has a vibe and one part of me hopes these reviews don't result in crowds, but on the other hand, something tells me they'd handle it with a and 5 star service.Get here. Just get here. [SEP]
4	The name says it all. This family owned restaurant (3 to be exact) specializes in tortas but they also carry your staple Mexican fast-food affair you would find in AZ. Everything I or anyone else has had has been solid. Just in case you don't know what a torta is, the way I can explain what one is that it is essentially a toasted sandwich with a fusion of Mexican and American ingredients. When it comes to TEG's tortas, there are a few standouts. One would be the cochinita.Cochinita which is marinated pork is absolutely by itself, but in a torta, it is absolutely scrumptious!!! My description of what cochinita is to think of pulled pork that is braised in a slightly sweet, salty, and spicy redish/orangeish sauce. In addition, it has American sandwich staples such as mayo, shredded lettuce. What makes it a torta are the slices of and pickled jalapenos and carrots and slices of avocado (and they do not skimp). What completes the sandwich, I mean torta, is the bread. It's always and fluffy in the inside and the outside always has a texture from the grill. The other torta I would strongly is the carne asada. The combination of the carne asada steak with mayo, pico de gallo, and lettuce along with the bread makes this torta an absolute (my mouth is actually watering just thinking about it!).The Cubana, which has your typical ingredients that come with any spin on the Cuban, is also good. If you are a big fan of Cubans, then this one may be for you. But in my opinion, this does not anywhere near come close to the yummy of the cochinita and carne asada.The Hawiiana (Hawaiian) is also a relative choice. With the combination of Ham and grilled pineapple along with other condiments, it also is descent selection.As I stated before, they do have staple Arizona style Mexican fast-food here and there are a few I would recommend. One would be the flautas (large deep rolled tacos).The pollo is the one I would suggest. If you envision your typical rolled tacos with guacamole and cheese, this is not that, this is even better! The flautas at TEG are larger with much more stuffing then your typical rolled tacos. In addition, they make them with yummy flour tortillas, not your typical corn. The shredded chicken is and moist. The tortilla is always perfectly, light on the outside with the inside of the tortilla still soft.The burritos here are good, actually than average, but because the tortas here are the showcase, everything else takes a backseat. The rice and beans are hit and miss, especially at the Chandler location.I used to give TEG four and a half stars, but with the of expanding too quickly, combined with quality and consistency a bit, I would have to give them three and half stars; four stars would be stretching. I'm anal so three and three quarter seems to fit.For example, the Phoenix location, which the Son runs and where he started the chain has a few issues. For example, the Cochinita at the Phoenix location is always drier and saltier than the other two locations. In addition, they have certain items only at that location that the other two do not. One would be their Sonoran style hotdogs, which are and an item I would highly recommend. When I have gone to both the Mesa and Chandler location and asked for them, and they said they don't carry them. I was to say the least. Another example of is the last time I went to the Chandler location. I brought a couple of out of town guests, and I was a little because the bread was a little too bready (dense) and not light and fluffy as usual. When all the ingredients are in symphony, you have one torta, but when one ingredient is off such as something the bread being too throws off that balance of flavors and textures. In this case, it made a difference from a four and half star sandwich to a 3 star sandwich (which is still in my book, but not great).The and most is their Mesa location. I think that it is because Mom and Pops run that particular location (well they used to anyways). Everything has always been delici-oh-so-good.Overall, would I still Tortas El Guero, and do I still go? Yes, but I wouldn't rave about the place I once did especially with the I've experienced as of late. [SEP]
4	I've been to both locations, and I if is to rate them together or should I do it separate? The Phoenix location is way to small for me, I don't feeling I'm almost sitting on my fellow diners lap and, this is a huge pet of mine, I food! Which is because the place is tiny. On the other hand it does have to it and the food is delicious.The Scottsdale location I can move, don't food when I get out but is more sterile. And then there's the food....I always ordered chicken (of course!) and the breast tends to be dry so I decided to do thigh and drumstick. Well, this last time the meat was to a burn:( And not only the skin but the meat too. I should have asked for two different pieces but I was starving, and my hunger won. A because I left without my craving for chicken. The waffle was as always and I ordered smothered potatoes which were very good. It seems with their mac & cheese people either it or don't. I'm on the 'don't' group. It tastes milky and not very to me. I may try it again, because I mac & cheese and I have the hope that maybe it was just before?Service is ok, sometimes than others.After careful consideration, I'll give it 4 stars. I'll visit again, I'm sure, and then I may go up or down one star. [SEP]
4	The building itself has that Frank Lloyd Wright 70s vibe going on...not my taste, but our City isn't very old so I can live with this minor aesthetic annoyance. (Remember when they almost tore the Orpheum down? Not cool. Fight to keep history here folks...)Anyway, anytime I hear people begrudgingly ask What is there to do in Phoenix? I would have to suggest: We do have culture here, if you're to venture outside of your zone and outside of the suburbs. Phoenix is to have an Opera Company and Ballet Company who are at what they do. I saw the Nutcracker most recently and GOODNESS, they all had resumes. The conductor, and costume designer were definitely stand outs. As audience members we are because the venue itself is small to ensure you will have a seat no matter where you are.I will go back. I can't wait to go back. My soul craves this, as should yours. [SEP]
5	This is a Thai food restaurant. My husband and I have been here a few times and have been very with the food, as as the service. We usually order a few curries and of course the pad Thai. The food is always good. Thai food is sometimes to find, you definitely won't be here. [SEP]
3	I was too. I waited an hour and then took at seat at the counter which is ok with me, but if you've got long legs your only option is to sit spread-eagled in order to get close to your plate and there's not that much legroom to each side. In the small space in front of the counter the staff was in perpetual motion squeezing past each other to get drinks, etc. My cheddar, jalepeno, sausage omelette was very good, but not huge, and the hash browns were and tasty on the outside but soggy on the inside. The whole wheat toast was great, but no choice of toppings...I was given a small dollop of preserves. The waffles next to me looked fabulous, but I'm not a fan. Basically I didn't think it wasn't the hour wait in 100 degrees and I was relieved to get outside where there was some breathing room. [SEP]
4	I this place... because it's a local owned place with food. This place was written up in the East Valley Trib in one of their 5 to try pieces, which is where I first heard about it. But, I actually think it's funnier that I have been in Hall of Fame, a store located direclty next door several times and never given Giant Hamburgers a second glance. You walk into this place, past a grouping of tables and booths (only about 15 tables in the entire place) to the cash register where you order your meal. We each got a burger and fries and they were both great, a real gut-bomb, but sometimes you're in the mood for something that fits just that description. We sat and ate, and they came to bus our table for us. On the way out, we noticed the Yelp sticker on the door. points. [SEP]
4	This Target gets the job done. Their shelves tend to be in a little disarray, and their makeup selections are generally lacking, but other than purchases I didn't even need to make, this Target has never let me down.The grocery section is probably the and in the store. I perusing these aisles.Their clothing section is diverse, but because the store is somewhat small, it's packed in tight. It's a challenge to maneuver the area.The biggest perk is its central location to southern Tempe. It's also very rarely busy during the day, which is awesome! [SEP]
4	I Thai food. And I it hot. Thai Lahna wraps these two expectations up in a package. It's the most Thai food in the Valley! so many culinary jewels in the Valley, the restaurant is nestled in a strip mall between a tanning salon and a yoga studio. The tables are covered in the same silks that I brought back with me from my own Thailand adventure and the staff is friendly. I am to the and soup with chicken. It's served piping with tons of vegies and even more flavor. I always choose the grass flavor, but I'm sure the coconut one is equally delectable. The Green Curry (#71) is also a because I'm a big fan of bamboo shoots. I usually get it with chicken. I also the #55 (which I can't actually pronounce, yet alone spell) with beef. For lunch, the #6 will change your life. I it with chicken and a TALL glass of water. I always order is spicy but for the of heart I would going with the mild version. I generally order takeout but dining in is also a experience. I have not had one meal here and the price point is on! Take a group of friends and have fun! [SEP]
4	Tried this place for the first time and had the chicken pho and and mongolian beef with red rice. All was delicious...but I especially their red rice, it was spicy and soooo good. Everything is very priced and you can even get it delivered from a service called You Buy and We Fly!! [SEP]
4	I went here with a party of 4 on Saturday night and it was surprisingly dead. Not that that's a thing because I don't crowds. The place is sheik but you still feel you're in a hotel. Service was and but I think it was our waiter's first night or something. He was very but it was ok.I was pissed we couldn't get the hour menu/prices in the main dining room. I know it is common practice for places full of douchebags, but the bar and the main dining room were empty so wtf?I'm a vodka guy and their vodka menu is neat. They have 8 or 9 unique vodkas from around the US and list their name, where they are from and the price. What I didn't was their martinis. much the I've ever had anywhere. Tiny pours and full of ice chips. It was a vodka slushy (oh snap I think I just invented something!!!).Here is a rundown of the food:* bread to start - excellent...love the lightly buttered and salted top* tomato and mozzarella salad - - one of the i've ever had. dressing and balls of mozzarella.* pretzel fondue - the pretzels were but the fondue and mustard were no bueno. the fondu was and the mustard the kick that I on pretzels.* burger - but nothing special* mac n' cheese with Shriner's sausage - very unique and very tasty. it was having once but I wouldn't get it again.* tater tots - cooked. salty/crunchy on the outside, fluffy on the inside. The only thing that would have made these is some type of aioli or other special dipping sauce other than ketchup.The main dishes of the other people in my party looked excellent. I should have been more and gone with something more than a standard burger. Maybe next time. I was going to give this place 3 stars but I just can't. They try to think out of the box to create dishes that are unique, have ingredients, and have a local twist. I will return. [SEP]
3	sports bar. A lot of tvs. Food is typical sports bar food with a few choices. Would stop by again if I was in the area. [SEP]
4	This local restaurant is a gem. This is located down the street from the Hilton at Squaw Peak and probably the restaurant in the area that is filled with a lot of chain type restaurants. I had heard about the Rokerij small plates menu from office workers and I thought I would give it a try. My girlfriend and I did not have any reservations, so we went downstairs in their bar area and ate the bar. You can order the Mew Mexican specialities or the Rokerij side of the menu. There was so much to choose from so we decided to eat off of the small plates menu. We chose the 3 small plates for $25. I was thinking the plates were going to be small and that we would not be filled. I that on the menu they told you how many pieces you were going to get of each item. The tenderloin on toast with triple cream brie was delicious. The amount of tenderloin was just and the cream brie made it taste over the top. The scallops were cooked as well. Thoroughly the taco sampler. Everything is and the service was great. The couple next to us ordered off of the New Mexican cuisine side. The servings were and looked very tasty. I have heard the menu for brunch is equally fanstastic, can't wait to go back! [SEP]
4	oooooooooh man am I SO this place isn't near my house, I would 20 pounds in no time! My sister took me here for the first time a couple weeks ago and my mind was blown by all the unique flavors they served! The shop itself is very and modern. I that they have a section in the back with a bunch of board games, very cool. As for the ice cream I got the dutch chocolate and the horchata. The horchata was so so good, I cant stop thinking about it! The following week I took the husband there. Again the ice cream was very but the service was terrible. It was an older lady behind the counter and she really couldn't care less that we were standing there. She let me sample an ice cream and then I just stood there for a 5 minutes while she did other things behind the counter. We did finally get served but my husband wasn't with the serves one bit. This time I got my ice cream in a waffle cone, the cone was so light and airy, I it! [SEP]
4	Lunchtime out with a relative on a weekday, and La Condesa has a seat by the window. There is really nothing its saloon-artsy walls for us to gaze. The Dia De los Muertos motif and wooden furniture make it for conversation. Most folks seated around us already know where to go for lunch that's not too and homemade. The Horchata is nothing short of liquid dessert, filled with pecans, fruit and rice milk. You can avoid dairy all together with this and a special bullet burro with guac and lettuce.The salsa bar sets the standard for restaurants. It's wide of salsas leave little what people run the place. My hope is that only a few people read this and try it. Otherwise, to my chagrin, the next time we park on 16th Street, we may have to WAIT in a line outside. [SEP]
3	There are definitely places to go to in Old Town. Overall Martini Ranch is usually and charge a cover to get into an empty place. Last time I went there my friend and I got our cover back because it was so dead. They do have martinis though. [SEP]
5	I came here for the first time ever on Mother's Day. They were packed ,the line was out the door and down the path. Still they managed to get everyone seated and quickly attended to.We were a party of 10 our server was so and i am to say i do not remember her name. She had all 10 drinks refilled continuously. Brought us lemons and the table with speed, as as taking care of a completely full restaurant packed with Children that were running under foot. The only down part was that they had plastic dishes but, with all those people what are your choices.I the food. I had shrimp and fish and vegetables. Nothing fried. The part for me was the Chocolate fondu!! Although there were many different choices. You could never say that you did not what they were serving. have seen a million adverts for this place and i am that i finally got to go. [SEP]
4	I have stayed in this hotel a few times. I think overall it's good. I am with the golf view. The restaurant is alright.Update 9/7/07 - I stayed over at this Hotel again....really customer service! [SEP]
4	We have bought a lot of our marine/boating supplies here, as as fishing gear. They have a very staff, especially this fishing Dude named Issac, and they have just about everything you'll need for your outdoor enjoyment. However, I don't find their pricing very stimulating... They have an inventory, but you are going to pay full retail prices here. I to get outdoor gear on e bay or at Walmart, at discounted prices. But, its a very place to browse and shop. The restaurant is too, and also fun! [SEP]
4	I have to admit I was a bit hesitate about staying here after reading some of the previous reviews. We stayed in the 9000 section of the hotel which is behind the convention center part. I'd this if you want something where you won't get from the front parking area or pools. Yes, I said pools...a thing for those of us who only wanted to relax and get some sun.Every staff member that we encountered walking the property was and always acknowledged us. We had a two queen room and the room itself was very large and I that every room has either a patio or balcony. Our view happened to be of the basketball and tennis court but it was to be able to go outside and sit on the patio in the morning to have coffee and relax. I assume that we had a room that had already been renovated since the bedding looked new...and the bed was SO comfortable! The breakfast buffet is and it's that you can order eggs anyway you them as part of that. Other than that we mostly just had drinks while laying by the pool. The only thing that comes to mind is the fact that the toilets are VERY when flushed. I have no idea if it was the rooms next to us or above us but every time someone flushed a toilet in the middle of the night I woke up....I am a light sleeper but still, if there are more renovations to be done I hope this is something they can address.The location is and I can't wait to book my next trip back. [SEP]
1	I ate here for the first time a few weeks ago on a Friday night/Saturday morning after seeing a show at the Tempe Improv.I came in around midnight and the place was not that busy. The waitress was (did everything expected for a waitress) and the guy who I thought was the manager was to talk to. However, those are the only two things I can say about the restaurant.I ordered the BBQ wings and they were TERRIBLE. The flavor was very and half cold. The blue cheese I ordered was quite watery as well.I also sat by the kitchen and noticed that a guy in the back was washing a stool in a near where the food was made. to say, I won't be eating at Hooters anytime soon. [SEP]
3	Would have been 4 stats based on prior visit. This past visit the service was just garbage. Not the servers fault, she should have never been on the floor in the first place. that she had to ask other servers for assistance while taking our order. What's the soup? I don't know, Jim what's the soup? Is there cheese on the French dip. I don't know? Karen is there cheese on the French dip? The food has always been and we will be back. Hopefully I can give them 4 stars next visit? Oh yeah, the.new location! [SEP]
5	The !From my first shredded beef taco almost a year ago ..i have been lovin' this place.I also the number 13 combo platter (.Mini beef chimi's ,Gauc ,rice and beans) The tacos are 5 star and yum ! ... AND priced. [SEP]
5	We showed up out of the blue on Valentine's night looking for food. We got a seat at the sushi bar away, but the place was otherwise packed. I guess we were lucky. We passed on the V-day prix-fixe menu and decided to order as we ate.Our waitress was visibly by my wife's order of tap water to drink and vegetable tempura to start. Judging by her expression, she took us for deadbeats; it wasn't but hilarious, we're old to be in our own opinions of ourselves. Anyway, the vibe at the W was definitely people trying to be and of-the-moment.In any event, we up a conversation with the chef behind the bar where we were sitting. We initially ordered some basic sashimi dishes, but when I asked the chef for suggestions, he started rattling off a series of custom creations he could make. So we let him do his best, and he turned out a collection of sashimi dishes, none, at least as far as I could tell, on the menu. We had a meal, and we would definitely return, at least if we didn't live in San Diego.(The waitress eventually warmed up, probably thawing as she watched us eat through plate after plate of sashimi....) [SEP]
5	I didn't know what to expect from this store. It was over 105° so I wanted something cold! You get samples to help you or you in to many choices! I went with the basic: cookies& cream mixed with vanilla carmel. Do yourself a & get the large so you can mix plus go on Thursday for double stamp day! [SEP]
5	Absolutely unbelievable!!! This is so the drive from Scottsdale to Tempe! But get there early as they close early and run out of food! It's so my mouth is watering just thinking about it. I French pastries, crepes and desserts! The macaroons melt in your mouth. I will be returning soon! [SEP]
3	Ok... So I am a for a breakfast joint that isn't some huge national chain. Maybe it's the fact that orange county seriously many breakfast joint option. Secondly, the fact that they have dog patio service elevates the place in my book.Our trips to Scottsdale aren't complete until we make a stop here for breakfast. The portions are huge! The surprising part is that the food is good, which is not usually the case with places with places that do large portions (usually hoping that size covers up the taste).With their Mexican options such as the breakfast burrito or huevos ranchero... They the cover off the ball. The green chil pork in the huevos rancheros is and keeps me coming back for it. [SEP]
5	Ice cream sandwhich I have ever had [SEP]
3	vibe - and location - they definitely with a large group (10), delivering orders to the person without asking who gets ... THAT KIND OF SERVICE. And not once, NOT ONCE, did the service people call any of our group guys (okay, okay, a pet of mine). Horseradish potatoes are a bit salty -- and prime rib serving is definitely less than generous. That said -- the fish and chips were great, as were (according to one of our party) the pork and beans. Desserts are HUGE -- share with 2 or 3 others. [SEP]
3	This place isn't bad. The place is big in size and I that they have a drive-thru. I coming here on the weekends, especially when I need to study, particularly in the vault. Some times they have live music, which can be or bad, depending on if you're there to study or out. They have coffee, not the best, but not awful. And I'd to go here over Starbucks any day. [SEP]
5	Took Maddie here for a quick nail trim, was impressed. staff, service, and light on the wallet. What more could you want. My dog is with me always, so I wont need the boarding services, but will definitely make this my new pet vet! My co-workers have gone to the vaccination clinic they have where they were also by the service and low price! Thumbs up for this place! [SEP]
4	This is a standard place to Birthdays. The drinks are especially the kiwi and acai specialty drinks. The rolls are over $10, but they are unique and tasty. The environment is very and the location is great. Parking is just everywhere in Scottsdale, you need to park in the street. Location is because you can grab dinner here and then go out after. There is also karaoke if you want to rent a room for a special occasion. [SEP]
3	The hubs and I stroll through the indoor market when we are down at the farmer's market on the weekends. They seem to have a assortment of items, though the prices are quite high. But I'm to give them the of the because they are a local business. One morning we were at the farmer's market and decided to grab something for breakfast - its never a idea to shop hungry :). I got in line for coffee while the hubs ordered breakfast. The coffee is fabulous! I my food simple - so when the hubs came back with an egg and cheese I wasn't looking for anything (eggs, cheese, maybe a little butter, salt and pepper on some sort of bread product). I quickly found out that this was some sort of a hipster egg and cheese. Lettuce on an egg and cheese? Who does that? There were also tomatoes, mustard and assorted spices. I'm to admit that maybe its just me and my underdeveloped simple palette. So if you are a hipster and you're hankering for an egg and cheese - this is your place. Regardless, be sure to get a cup of coffee, its awesome! [SEP]
5	Wow, this place is still here? I went there as a girl (15+ years ago) with the family on a regular basis. If it's still around, then it MUST be good! [SEP]
2	I expected better.The ambiance is pleasant. It's lit and the furniture is very new. The booth was comfortable. The bar appears to be a little and moody, but in a sultry way.We were there on the Sunday before Labor Day, around 7 PM and it wasn't busy at all. Maybe 8 patrons besides us. We were seated away in a booth. The waiter was very quick to take our order and explained the specials. For the appetizer we ordered the cheese, fruit and crackers. They ran out of crackers and gave us toasted bread soaked in butter instead. We asked if we could have dry bread instead. They obliged. There were 3 pieces of cheese, all of which were the same and brie. Seriously, please diversify the cheese plate with more than 1 type of cheese. And have crackers to go with it, since t's on the menu description.My girlfriend and I both ordered a quarter chicken. I had the true sauce and she had the honey truffle sauce. The chicken quality was on par with Boston Market or Costco, maybe even fattier. We were seriously unimpressed. The sauces were good, but definitely did not your socks off.You get to choose two sides along with your chicken. I had zucchini and whipped potatoes. The whipped potatoes come with your choice of three ingredients from a list of 12 or so. Horseradish, garlic and mesquite cream were my choices. The potatoes were excellent, both zesty and filling.Overall, I was unimpressed. This place is an Boston Market where the chicken is lower quality and the only is in the quality of the sides. The sauces are good, but you can do much better. [SEP]
4	I registered at both the combo Toys R Us/Babies R Us store by my house (on Bell Rd) and finished up at this location, since it had a larger variety.Nice goody bag, selection of items. Furniture prices are over inflated, but that seems typical for all baby furniture. You get lots of coupons too once you sign up for their rewards program which come in really handy!There are changing tables in the restrooms as as mother's rooms..which have a rocker, sofa, and changing tables, as as wipes, diapers, etc. for breastfeeding discreetly! [SEP]
3	My tooth was yelling at me! I had to stop in. Four times (to date) and each time I try something different. Other than the cheese curds (which where just ok) each visit was for the custard. VERY and CREAMY a little goes a LOOOOONG way. I have tried a small berry sundae, a pineapple malt, and a small black cherry cheesecake concrete mixer. The sundae by far has been my favorite. I the simplicity, the berries were not overly sweet, artificially thickened. The malt was and malty which I really and was rather thick even after melting slightly. Now the concrete mixer was the richest of the rich. Maybe it was because I decided to go with a cheesecake flavor (to which you can add any other fruit or topping flavor). It was very tart cream cheese (about as tart as a Greek yogurt) with small bits of graham crumbs swirled through and of course the blackberry flavor. [SEP]
3	I went to Pei Wei last night for a casual girls' night dinner. It was a place for a group of girls to meet because of the following:-it's cheap-it's casual so each person pays their own bill and then sits down (no when the bill comes as is often the case with groups)-there is plenty to choose from on the menu-for those that are or dieting, they are about special orders, sauce on the side, etc...That being said, Pei Wei is just average in my eyes; never my first choice of places to go, but I can always find something to eat... Last night I had the shrimp teriyaki bowl with brown rice. The shrimp tasted it came from the freezer (probably because it did), but the veggies, rice, and sauce were all good. I noticed they changed the menu a bit since my last visit, and a new 'special' is a Vietnamese Noodle Bowl - Pho type dish. The chicken lettuce wraps and edamame are always bets and hopefully will remain on their menu forever.I'm sure I'll be back to Pei Wei because of the factors listed above - the concept is a one, just don't compare it to a high end restaurant and it for what it is!PS - shout out to all the girls that came out last night - I had seeing all of you and can't wait for the next one! [SEP]
5	This is my venue--we've held two events here, and I've attended another four.As an attendee, it's clean, bright, parking, food, constantly coffee and beverages, and layout. I it. As a planner, it's a deal for what you get, and it's a managed event end to end. Conference staff are to with, flexible, and they are there to you. IT and it well. it's a facility, food, service, and staff. open expo area too, if you have vendors, advice--do not use a separate room if you have a lot of vendors--put them in the main ballroom, and/or the vestibule, not in any other room. Vendors to be showcased and have traffic, not shuttled off to a low traffic low visibility area --regardless of any price savings. [SEP]
5	Rarely give a 5, but truthfully? We set out to go to Giuseppes and stopped here...thought we were there...I'm sure Giu. is good, but Arrivederci is the bomb. We will keep going on every visit. and really, really authentic. Bueno Sera is your welcome..and they mean it! We it. . . reasonable, too. b [SEP]
5	The pool area was very nice. Every chair had a towel on it for you. The pool service was great. Greg Badger is the most waiter there. He was out in the sun in upper 90/lower 100 degree temperatures and was very to all the guests. I ate at Elements the other times I visited Arizona, but the poolside menu is too! I preferred the orange chicken bento box. Although edamame was not on the poolside menu, our waiter was able to get it for us. That is service!The bed was very comfortable; and soft. I also the wall-mounted, flatscreen LCD tv.The valet service was as well. We were greeted everytime we drove into the Sanctuary complex. The tennis courts were very as well. I played during the morning and made use of their ball machine to up. [SEP]
5	We recently moved nearby Pho Ao Sen and dine there often. I their food, the service, and also the atmosphere. My favorite's are the bun dishes, I always order the no. 26 with chicken instead of pork and they have a vegetarian lemongrass beef vermicelli that I would highly recommend. Pho Ao Sen is a place to dine with friends, mine have always the experience. [SEP]
1	Read al lthe hype, so decided to give Cyclo a try. What a disappointment! Portions were small and overpriced, owner thinks she's the next thing to sliced bread. She needs to go back to Vietnam to remember how real Vietnamese food is prepared.Give this place a miss. [SEP]
4	Used a Groupon here, and it was a experience! The express mani/pedi wasn't express at all - they took their time with me, and everything felt great!The woman who did my pedicure was fantastic. My toes and feet look wonderful!The woman who did my manicure was good. The only is that she accidentally cut my thumb. When it bled a little, she just painted over it. It's now been a few days, and my thumb still hurts. Overall, it was a experience though, and the staff was very friendly! I would return for sure. [SEP]
5	I was in Phoenix for three weeks on a business trip and luckily found this spot on my 3rd day in town. I ended up eating here 7 times in 21 days. I brought my coworkers here, and they all ended up eating here at least 2-3 times. It's just that good.So how is it? Lets just say that their tortilla soup was the only thing that could my hangover after a long night in Scottsdale!I've eaten the fish tacos, fajitas, enchiladas, nachos, and tortilla soup. All were exceptional! They also bring out chips with salsa, as as beans, which was a touch.The dining area is small, but they do have an outside dining area as well. The wait staff is very friendly, and they will get you drinks as soon as you sit down, which is something that more restaurants should do! The food comes out very quickly, and they do have 2 TVs, one on either side of the dining room, which are usually tuned to a sporting event.I've been out of Phoenix for 3 months now and I Mi Pueblo! I'll definitely be going back the next time that I'm in Phoenix! [SEP]
5	Ok so us 5 chix got all dolled up for dinner at City Hall it was about 7 when we arrived on Saturday. The service was notch from the get go starting with the valet. We were seated by a hostess in the large main room. Our waiter was an gentleman, that's one huge plus I have to say about Mastro's is they usually have wait staff they really know their product.They brought us the basket of breads, we ordered bottled water for all and a bottle of some 06 Sauv Blanc that was tasty. It was to have an empty glass this night!Everyone had fillet's but me of course, I mainly had apps, side's, wine and ;) I did try the seared ahi tuna it was ok I wasn't too with it though. Beefsteak tomato & mozz (see pics) very yummy! The creamed corn, sauteed asparagus and mash were all very good!! I couldn't talk anyone into the lobster mash or any caviar boohoo me. =( Everyone their meal!!My g/f was coming back from the bathroom and a step or something somehow she her shoe but there was a busser or someone behind her he picked it up for her and even put it back on for her! Now that is what I call 5 Star Service!!We had creme brle they served it with various berries and a huge bowl of their made whip cream yum-gasm's were had all around. While Mastro's is not my choice since I am not a Steakhouse kinda girl it was all stuff. They always play some Michael Bubl and who doesn't just him!?! It was about 3 bills total and we went home with doggy bags and full tummy's.P.S. I had their potato fries they were but I the ones at Fez better....just sayin. (O_o) [SEP]
4	I visited Sala Thai with a friend and I had the Pad Thai. Food was tasty and very filling. It had a tang but I might have preferred to have a fork and to cut the very long noodles with. Other than that I'd definitely visit again. [SEP]
5	I this place! My girlfriend and I go here to special occasions and the staff is so friendly. We sat at the bar last time and the bartender Jesse was so great. The hour menu was too. $5 Mark West Pinot Noir! The manager was and came over to make sure we were doing okay. experience! Definitely the calamari too! [SEP]
5	I can only for the chicken salad, as it's the only thing I've ever tried in the 20 years I've been coming here. It's THAT good. I always think about trying something else, but why with perfection?Walking inside gives you the sense that you've stepped into a time machine and arrived in the late 70's. I, personally, find it to be awesome. Most of Scottsdale is in historic flare. And yes, the late 70s is historic by Scottsdale standards. Besides, whatever money they're not spending on updating the decor is going into their magically chicken salad. [SEP]
5	I would order silvermine over Jimmy Johns ANY DAY! They have the meatball sub....compared to Jimmy' Johns it is (never mind the fact that JJ's doesn't have subs...) They are always to deliver and the food is always great. My go to sandwich shop **MUCH TO SM!* [SEP]
4	BBQ - staff, atmosphere and prices - what else can you ask for? Ribs and BBQ Chicken are my favorite. Try the Devils spit sauce if you dare. [SEP]
5	Put it in the baby book. Baby's first AJ's. And you'll always have a special place in your heart for your first. I that while this location is in a part of town, it's not quite the same level of frou-frou as many other spots. That means rather than dealing with the Scottsdale types who have to dress up to go to the store - you're dealing with a greater range of folks - but they are all to pay a bit more for the stuff. I will say, you'll pay less for a box of cereal or box of triscuits at a Circle K than you will at an AJ's. And I don't think I've ever seen anything on sale. But there is just nothing their food. Be it produce or the meat section, the colors are brighter, the items are bigger and you just know it's going to taste better. Their chicken breasts and pork chops are so good, and so large, you want to eat them all at once, but you just can't. You have to try some of their pre-prepped meats. My is a pork loin with apple stuffing. Wow. And of course, pre-made foods too if you just want to pick up something to go. I've been suckered in to their section far too many times. And they are always good. But dang they can be pricy - so it really has to just be a special splurge. If you haven't tried an AJ's yet, I suggest this one to you into things. There may be quite a few Lexus in the parking lot, but there won't be too many Hummers. [SEP]
4	I have a cooking problem- I can't do it. However, I coming to Entrees to Go to make our meals. My husband bought a Groupon for this place and we decided to try it out. It was a experience, and that means a lot coming from me since I am not a fan of cooking. I the concept of Entrees to Go. You prepare your meal at this place and bring them home in a baggie. Meals to cook and no in my kitchen = awesomeness! Everything you need to know to prepare your food is explained and if you have any questions they are answered immediately. The only downfall...The price w/o a Groupon is a little pricey. Three full size entrees (each entree serving 4-6) is regularly $80. It's if you full-time and don't have time to cook on your own but it's a little high for my pocketbook. However, if money wasn't a factor I would cook every meal at Entrees to Go. it! [SEP]
2	I stayed at San Carlos May 19th - 20th. It was merely okay.I liked: Historic old school hollywood feel. It was chic. I dug it. The place had character and I particularly the outside of the rooms more than the in. We were in walking distance to the places we wanted to go. How about no on these items:Surprise! No hotel parking. You can pay the Valet 20 bucks or pay 15 over at chase's parking lot. Surprise! They hold an extra $25 on your card in case of room damage. Ghost lounge? It was Saturday night and the dance floor was empty. It wasn't the plan to go there but it was kind of to see that....Ghosty goodness? Nope. There was a somewhat vibe about the place but nothing really standing out. My house has had more ghosty vibes and action that I received here. It has the potential to be but the surprise extra money you end up spending seems it makes up the difference of what you save.I will probably avoid going here again, including the club. [SEP]
4	Chick has the potential to be a restaurant we want to keep coming back to. The food will keep us trying for an experience, but some things needs to be fixed if Chick is to see it's first anniversary.1.) The space: slightly upper scale boutique farmhouse. Decor and lighting is yet modern. The only miss: The tables. They are heavily with very deep grooves as if made from reclaimed wood. There can't possibly be any way for them to the tables thoroughly - The thought of a small portion of everyone's food that has dined here before me staring at me -- especially as time goes on and those grooves fill up with food & germs grosses me out. A piece of glass on each table is a definite food safety must. To make matters worse, tables are set with your silverware on the bare table. Silverware should never be placed on anything other than a a napkin or table cloth. 2.) The menu: The menu they offer is a little different from your average restaurant which can make for a experience. However, putting a menu theirs in a small but thick leather bound binder with just a couple items per page made us feel outsiders. The flipping between pages with types of entrees and sides and sauces was quite frustrating. I picking up the takeout menu at the front door and using that to navigate the menu.3.) The service: but very friendly. Our waiter seemed a foodie fit for a restaurant this, but his table presence left us feeling we needed to make *him* talking to us or requesting anything. I had to fight most of the meal to have more than 3-4 ice cubes in my iced tea. After asking a couple members of the staff for a glass of ice, they kept bringing back my glass with just more tea and no more ice. At one point, the server brought my iced tea glass back without a straw. When I asked for one, his reply was can you use the one from your water glass for now?4.) The food: This is what made up for most of the other especially because Chick is still new. I had the country pork with creamed corn and potato bar. You get 3 toppings with the potato which the chefs will assemble for you. I chose mesquite cream, applewood smoked bacon, and Vermont white cheddar - Delicious! The creamed corn was very tasty as well. The mandarin orange chutney paired with the pork.My husband had the chicken and dumplings. It's a little different from the traditional C&D, but was very good. It's served in a broth instead of a heavy sauce which was a change.We decided next time the hubby and I go, we would take our chances at the bar and avoid the servers until they can get caught up on their service skills. [SEP]
4	always quality and value. we have been regulars of pappadeaux in our previous home of TX, and we still are big fans! [SEP]
4	Nestled between the lights of the once Graham Central Station and a no-name BBQ place is a I to refer to as Skips.The bar side of this place is nothing too special. Don't get me wrong, its BIG for a bar, but the ambiance and furniture are dated. So, unless you playing pool, I don't know why you would want to come here.That being said, the pool here is great! They just got around 15 brand new Diamond 7' tables which play AWESOME. Their 9' tables also play well, but they have some pockets. So if you are a beginner, I wouldn't play on the big tables unless you to be frustrated.They have no house cues on the floor. you have to rent them up at the bar for $1.00. This is because they can maintain a quality cue for you (if you use house cues).Their food is actually REALLY good! I've had their Turkey Burger which was moist and delicious. It comes with a sized basket of fries. Also, their Nachos are (That's saying a lot coming from me)! The only thing about their nachos is that they use that liquid cheese... I shredded blends on my nachos.The waitresses there are uber friendly. Yes, UBER! They always make a point to remember your name and they are always SOOO busy! Make sure to tip them well. They will remember you!Wednesday night is league night there, so unless you want to watch, avoid Wednesday from 7-10pm. Oh, and HH is from 2-7 and lots of the food (including the nachos and Turkey Burger) are priced to sell!Go shoot some pool! [SEP]
4	Trendy, Current, and a young 20s crowd. You know its when you see all the waitress' in black fish net tights and short black dresses. You dine while they play a music selection with lights all over! Its eating at a lounge before the place turns into a night club. Very city-like. Come for hour!! I came here with 3 other classmates: Angela, Julie, and Natalie. When they said hour for sushi, I was thinking a low key place that was A-OK. I was completely wrong. This place is and hip, which is unlike the suburbia of Mesa. During hour, my friend and I the Calamari, Calamari Sushi Roll, chicken wings (6 pieces) and a Margarita, and it came out to $22. Not bad! I the ambiance, and its definitely something I will be coming back to! [SEP]
5	Thanks to everyone who put up with all the closed roads and driving detours yesterday for the marathon. As one of the largest marathons in the country it was really to see all the spectators, volunteers and bands and the 34,000 runners. I finished the half marathon yesterday and the war aren't nearly as bad, but I am as still. It became at the startline that we really have to do something about the Capitol complex. That area is a disaster. Thanks for all the carb-heavy food and drink at the start and finish. I have never coffee all over myself up until yesterday morning. Thanks to the UPS drivers who hauled our stuff to the finish.The half-marathon doesn't run through the most parts of Phoenix, but McDowell Road is definitely a step up from Van Buren.. That's for sure. Could you imagine thousands of runners trying to dodge hookers on their way to the finish line?And also, thanks to the guys in my running corral who dressed up and ran as the Mario Bros: Mario and Luigi. You guys rock. [SEP]
5	I have been going to Cartel for a while, and their coffee has absolutely me. I can hardly drink coffee or esspresso from anywhere else, I even buy their beans and brew it at home.Most of the bartista's are stellar, but expect to wait for your specialty drinks, not only because they are almost always busy, but also because making kick ass coffee drinks takes time.I suggest either the Honduras with cream, an iced agave latter, or a cappuccino (which you have to drink there). [SEP]
3	hour! atmosphere! decor and garlic edamame in the valley! [SEP]
1	So, there's no stars, too bad. Tried ordering take out before actually eating there to try it - thing, you couldn't pay me to eat here.The only thing about the Colossal Cobb salad I ordered was the price. $10 and change for lettuce just to cover the bottom of the styrofoam with a sprinkle of toppings. Where'd they get their chef, Chili's? What a disappointment. All the reviews say ' a lot of food' ...for who, an infant?I had also ordered a couple of carmelized cookies as well. Didn't know deep fried, discs of oatmeal harder than concrete were called 'cookies'. grief, the bakery wasn't even good! Had to spit those things out before they took out a filling. The only thing about Chandler Chompie's is Jason's Deli next door. [SEP]
1	I am totally why this place gets such reviews. I have been there a few times because it's close to my and I received some gift certificates for my birthday. after the last experience, I can't go back. Although they are very and have prices, I have to reveal the truth: 1. They don't put any effort into sanitizing the tools or the pedicure bowl. I actually saw them the brushes and tools in the water I was soaking my feet in and then just rinse out the bowl after they were done... not spray, soap, nothing!2. Reason #1 probably explains why my heals so severely after my pedicure that they began to bleed. I had to use peroxide, neosprin, and bandages for almost a week to get it heal. 3. They water down their nail polish... so much that it destroys the bond and polish never actually dries. I to a business with customer service, but these practices are simply unacceptable. I obviously won't be back. =( [SEP]
5	If you want a deal for your buck, this is the place to go! You'll find Dewalt, Makita, Oster, Cuisinart, Farberware, Keurig, and many other banded items for a fraction of the original retail price. Yes, some items will be out the package, missing a manual, or may have a or a but I rather pay a fraction of the price versus paying full retail at a department store. I rather save money and get a deal for the same exact item I would have paid 10X more at a organized and shop. From what I know this store has been open for nearly ten years; the owners are one of the people I've met; they even offer delivery with the furniture or any other large item you purchase. Stop by!! You'll get a kick from just walking down the unorganized, aisles; but once you get to the register to pay- you'll be happy!! Get more for less! [SEP]
4	I visit this Subway several times a week. Staff are very friendly. customer service. Ingredients seem fresh. It's a standard Subway but differentiated by staff and service. [SEP]
3	Old Town Scottsdale has a personality disorder. It tries to be one thing during the day and another at night. Merchants are gouged for hellish fees in order to provide the parking so prices reflect this big gouge as some have to make up six figures per year (no joke). During the day Old Town caters to the typical tourists with skin that hasn't seen the sun since Eisenhower was president. The little shops sell a combination of and goods. Restaurants cater to the over 60 crowd for lunch and the idea is to keep people milling around until they have spent all of their money. The perimeter of Old Town is alive with baseball, a hospital, banks and other real world establishments. At night the clubs open and each one thinks it's the Room or the Abbey. Sorry, this isn't LA. High cover charges for lame, watered drinks and ambiance won't cut it. They make up for being with music. The rooftop bar concept seems to be off after locals who can't sleep through the racket take a few shots at the places from time to time. I can't them. A mile away the from these places is still thumping loud. It must be to be at one of those rooftop bars. But to be fair, Arizona is not known for night life. It's a place where the sidewalks are rolled up at dusk and they try to cash in on big events the occasional Bowl. They also try to create a night scene Studio 54 style with a new hotplace popping up and when it is no longer trendy, they change the name and it becomes something else. Restaurants in Old Town also change names in the summer in hope of fleecing the same crowd the next tourist season. Many are now corporate-owned and the local restaurants have had no choice but to follow the downward spiral. On the up-side, look for the local bars and by that I don't mean clubs. The bars such as the Blue Moose are locally owned and serve up food at prices, drinks and offer service. Stay away from the $30 per entree places and just go and have a time. If you are the sort who to drop $15 on a drink with a bunch of plastic people who are keeping up appearances with the last of their Visa credit line, AZ88 is the place to go. :) [SEP]
3	If it would be closer to my area, I could give it one more star. Their special of $4 burgers is a way to call your attention. The was the service, the lady that took care of us was really and nice. Another time I'll have to try their food. [SEP]
4	place to get masks for all my robberies.I joke. but really you can get masks at Easley's. [SEP]
4	The part about this place is the atmosphere. We took our dog with us for dinner, and we were able to sit on the patio. So if you have a four legged family member, this is a place, with very service. I had the Crab Cake BLT, and although it sounds unappealing, it was surprisingly good. My half had the Windsor Burger, but commented that the burgers at Deluxe are much tastier. The signature drinks are decent, but definitely on the side. There appeared to be a wine and beer list, which I will most likely opt for next time. Bottom Line: I would go back without hesitation. [SEP]
5	Hip hop sandwich shop. Not a traditional dining experience. Food was great, and prices were very great. Everything on menu was under $10. Mac and Cheese is ordering as an appetizer, and the BLT was rediculously delicious. I look forward to going back again, and probably again. [SEP]
3	Not terrible. I got the noodles and pad thai. Not the best, but not the worst. Maybe I'll try them again and update my review... [SEP]
4	Friendly, service. Got an 20 oz. caramel cappuccino for $4.50. Just wish it were to get to when you want to just run in. [SEP]
3	My boyfriend and I had heard about the food and ambiance of Coup des Tartes so we decided to check it out. Overall it was but we didn't think it lived up to the hype.We knew ahead of time that it was BYOB but decided to forgo bringing alcohol because of the corking fees. No biggie. We the lemonade and minted iced tea they served us. We weren't hungry for appetizers, so we just ordered salads and entrees. The salads came out quickly and did not disappoint. I ordered the Springtime Salad ($10) and absolutely it. Mixed greens with organic apples, red onions, dried cranberries, chevre, and candied walnuts with apple cider vinaigrette. They put just the amount of dressing on it so it was coated but not drenched. My boyfriend ordered the Parmigiano ($9) and said it was very as well. It was your basic Caesar salad with homemade dressing. Both salads were surprisingly large and could have us for dinner if we had ordered appetizers as well. Then came the entrees. Well, sort of. We sat there until we started to if they were out hunting for our food. Then we thought maybe we should have ordered an appetizer after all to close the gap a little between the salads and the entrees. But really, why should we have to pay for something we weren't hungry for just so they can get their pacing right? Anyhow, the entrees eventually came. I ordered the Lambshank ($24) and my boyfriend ordered the Pork ($26). The lamb off the bone and I didn't even have to use my knife! It came with a side of Israeli couscous, which I thoroughly enjoyed. My only about this dish would be the sauce. It was a harissa spiced vegetable ragout with dried fruits. For some reason I was expecting something a little thicker. I felt the lambshank was sitting in a soup. Actually, this sauce DID taste a vegetable my mom used to make when I was little that I didn't like. It was a little bit of a turnoff to me, but not their I guess. (How were they to know?) I ate it anyway because the meat was cooked so well. My boyfriend's pork tenderloin was also cooked very well. It sat atop a bed of risotto and also came with asparagus. I tried a bite of it, but my dish was so flavorful that it tasted in comparison so I can't give it a review. He said it was and finished every last bite on the plate, so I'll take his word for it. The service was....ok. It was in the beginning but while they were out hunting for our food between the salads and entrees we were completely and left thirsty. After we got our entrees it picked up again and was until we left. The ambiance? and pretty, yes. But does not necessarily equal in my book. We were seated in a small table jammed into the corner. The size of the table was for two people, but it was way too close to the table next to us which had a party of four seated at it. Every time someone got up from it to go to the restroom, their backs were in my face. We had a view of the patio out the window next to us. That was until another couple was seated on the other side of the glass. My boyfriend felt very for half of our meal because he felt he couldn't look to his or else he'd be looking straight at the guy sitting inches away from him. I was to have been seated next to the wall so I had the view with a little bit of privacy. The room could have also benefited from some white in the background because we could hear everyone's conversations and felt we couldn't talk at a normal volume without other people hearing. There was some very music playing in the background but it could have been turned up a notch or two.In a nutshell, I'd give the food four stars but the ambiance and service two and a half stars. I'd go there again to give something else on the menu another try, but I'd request a table on the patio to get out of that little house. [SEP]
5	Had the time here tonight! My mama and girlfriends treated to me a day for my birthday and I insisted on wrapping up the afternoon with hour on me. I've never been but we wanted to go somewhere and stopped in. The restaurant is beautiful- we sat in a high back booth in the bar which is really nice. The bar has shelves of backlit liquor bottles above it (ala the Ocean Club bar). We has 2 rounds, including the Vitamin C martini, White Chocolate Martini, Flirtini and Black Cherry cocktail- they were all really great! We also got the colossal shrimp appetizer (which technically weren't all that colossal, they were just normal), the sliders (the bacon and maytag bleu cheese was amazing!) and the AZ Eggrolls (a bit on the side but very tasty and for hour). The tab was only $65 (it was hour and the prices averaged about $6/ drink and app). The service was also extremely good. It's been a long time since I felt about a restaurant- it was great! [SEP]
4	I've been looking for a prime rib in the area for years with no luck. That's all changed now. I found Lafitte's on Yelp, and was surprised - I had no idea it existed. I'm I came though. The prime rib was easily the prime rib I've had in this part of town, and may be the prime rib I've had in the under $20 price range in years. The place seems relatively - it's hidden in the Embassy Suites Hotel. So on a Saturday night it was - hardly anyone there. That's really a shame. The food was very good. It started with the salad. It seemed - it didn't look or feel it came from a bag. The greens weren't overly or wet, and it was arranged on the plate. The bread was a simple sourdough. We ordered the petite cut, and when our waitress brought out the plate, I was a bit shocked. It was much larger than everyone else's large cut. I could barely eat it - that's saying something. I had the creaole jambalaya as a side. It was tasty with some spice. The sausage was tasty. The vegetables were ok - a mix of squash, colored onions, etc. The waitress was and courteous, and never let our drinks get empty. The nest part was that two of us ate for less than $35. I'll be back! [SEP]
5	it here! Always unique and slightly art. Definitely a go see if you are in phoenix~ [SEP]
4	Let me first explain that we came to the place on a night... Apparently, one of their regulars LITERALLY drank herself to - spent a week in the hospital before whe finally died. Instead of a funeral, her husband and family set up a memorial at her bar... The place was filled with long hugs and sobbing... all while the gal's husband was hammered and leaning on the end of the bar. Sad, sad, sad, sad...... on SO many levels.........That said, we just tried to stay away from it all... and our server (Bobbi - hope I spelled it right) was really in keeping happy, warm, and chatty.Ignoring the other patrons that night, then, this place is definitely a little legit Irish pub (apparently the oldest in the Valley for you history nerds)!Firstly, they have all sorts of Irish food items (cottage pie, corned beef and cabbage, bangers and mash, beef stew, seafood, and they even have a boxty). We tried a couple different things that were all tasty!Next, almost all of their beer taps are dedicates to Irish or UK beers (Guinness, Smithwick's, Harp, Kilkenny, Magner's, Newcastle, etc...)... and they know how to pour a stout!They didn't have live music that night (apparently, they normally have live Irish bands 6 nights a week)... but they played a array of REAL Irish music the whole time!I read a couple reviews that claimed it's not an Irish pub...... but I'm guessing these folks haven't spent a whole lot of time in Ireland? Understand that ANY bar, in America, has to have cheeseburgers and chicken fingers - because you're not IN Ireland... That said...... if a bar plays Irish music... has 7 of 10 taps to Irish and UK beers (with the other 3 Irish or UK STYLE Killians, Kiltlifter, and Sam Adams)... has all SORTS of Irish food on the menu... real Irish signage (not shamrocks)... stout pours in two-parts... plays Irish sports on TV... the local Irish clubs..... what makes it NOT a legit Irish Pub?This place is about as legit Irish as you'll find in Arizona... and a visit! [SEP]
4	this place. Every time I come here its a high school reunion. There's people and a atmosphere for drinking. [SEP]
5	I never knew this movie theater existed. I mean I don't frequent valley mall that often, and when I go, I have tunnel vision as I go straight to the stores I need to go to and get the out of there. So when Travelzoo had their movie special ( two tickets, 1 large popcorn and two large drinks for $15), I couldn't pass it up. The theater is small but very quaint. The seats are EXTREMELY and they kinda recline. How is that. Plus the part? the staff are duper friendly. A huge in my book. I will definitely be going back to this little hidden of a theater. [SEP]
5	UMMMMMMMM...can I just say that this place needs to get more action! The pizzas here are FANTASTIC!! I discovered this place because it opened above SACKS. It is around the corner from my house and I am so it is. The whole restaurant is open...I wish it had a little more space, but that is ok. First, the Tuscan Pie is to for!! It has prosciutto, Gorgonzola, apple, arugula, a fig marmalade and balsalmic vingerette reduction sauce drizzled on top...at least I think that is what it is...I need to check the menu...but anyways its FABULOUS!!! I wish I could eat it everyday! I tried their Moroccan Pizza before they took it off the menu and it was too! Every single salad is and the wine and beer selection is too! The staff is so and friendly. I get this to go all the time and bring it home...and I have shared this with my friends too. I Italian pizza and its great! [SEP]
3	Their salad bar here is lacking. I used to go to Whole Foods when I was too to make anything to eat, but didn't want to be riddled with about eating out. The people who here are and they have a huge selection of canned veggies for salads, as as other specialty items that may be harder to find out here.They also carry the largest selection of Amy's Organic foods that I adore. mmmmm tofu pockets... [SEP]
4	There is nothing I more than a Sunday brunch and St Francis did not let me down. The food and atmosphere were the way to start off a relaxing day. We had to wait about 25 minutes before getting seated but it was no because our server brought us drinks while we sat and the live jazz music. My friend and I started off by sharing a GIANT cinnamon roll topped with caramel sauce. SO GOOD. We destroyed the pastry in minutes, which left both of us wondering how we were going to eat our meals. Fortunately, we are both gluttons and were able to pull ourselves together for round 2. I had the Eggs Benedict and roasted potatoes and my friend ordered the Wood-Oven Baked Eggs. Both were delicious. The only thing I didn't was that the tables were very close together. At times it felt we were dining with our neighbors. Overall I would highly St Francis' brunch and I am to return again. [SEP]
5	I this place they do the job, I even drive 45 min because I moved and they are it! I'm always with the results. My nails don't lift or chip. I have also had a facial their and it was amazing. It was my first facial however I was and it wasn't expensive. I would this place to anyone. Just bring cash for your tip, they do take cards but not for tips. [SEP]
4	This place is great. It is very and the staff is very and accommodating. Every time I walk out I am completely with the work. [SEP]
4	Have only been here once before under too of circumstances to remember, this trip to Olive and Ivy was fantastic. Usually going to lunch in Scottsdale is hit or with expectations, however today we had a lunch meeting scheduled for 11:30, I got a front row parking spot in front of the valet and had no being seated away.Sticking to my lunch salad trend, I ordered the Curry Salad with Chicken and couldn't have asked for a more dish on such a day. The portions were great, the lettuce and and even the handmade bread and pesto before complimented everything perfectly. The only I would have, understanding it is a Fox Restaurant, was how almost the wait staff was with how rehearsed and methodical all interactions were. Even down to the usage of I am versus I am seemed a bit out of place, but not a big deal. [SEP]
4	I had dinner at Frank & Albert's while attending a conference at the hotel. Normal I try not to eat at hotel restaurants due to overcharging and quality of the food. I decided to try Frank & Albert's based on the reviews from Tripadvisor. Tripadvisor rates this restaurant as number two in Phoenix. We where seated on the patio next to the open fire pits. How except I was with my colleagues. Frank & Albert's is for a date or anniversary. The location is nested in the hotel setting directly below some kind of canyon. I ordered the Fillet Mignon. Yummy!! Everything on the menu looked so good. Frank & Albert's also had a wine list. My colleagues were very with my dinner choice. I used opentable to make the table reservation. I would definitely come back Frank & Albert's if I was in the area. [SEP]
1	My sister recently took her '98 VW New Beetle to First Class Auto in Scottsdale, AZ for an overheating issue. I'm normally the one who does the maintenance on the vehicle but I was ~600 miles away. She described the as follows: overheating light came on while she was in construction traffic and went back off once she was moving again. I immediately suggested that the radiator may not be coming on for some reason. Since I wasn't around to look at it, she took it to First Class Auto.She relayed the to the guys at First Class and also SPECIFICALLY requested they check radiator fan functionality.They told her the water pump was and leaking, needed a new thermostat and also replace the timing belt and serpentine belt while they were in there (water pump is driven by the timing belt on this engine--2.0L 8V 4 cyl AEG code). Well, a) I personally replaced the timing belt, water pump and serpentine belt about 10,000 miles ago as preventative maintenance. What's more is the car hasn't any coolant since the job. So the water pump being is highly unlikely! I did not replace the thermostat, though. Once she called me to tell me this, I told her to the and either take it somewhere else or wait for me to make a trip out.I had a job to do that brought me almost half way to the Phoenix area so I decided I would make the trip the rest of the way to have a look for myself yesterday. FIRST thing I did was check the radiator fans. I turned on the AC and the didn't come on at all. I pop the cover off the strip fuse panel that resides on of the battery and found a melted 30 AMP fuse. Guess what that fuse is for? The RADIATOR FANS! Imagine that. Being a car that lived most of its life in Michigan, some of the fuses and the fuse panel itself had become corroded and caused the one fuse and part of the fuse panel to melt. The coolant level was exactly at the max level, where it was after I did the maintenance on it 10,000 miles ago, not to mention I checked it before her recent trip to Scottsdale (didn't have to add anything. The car doesn't a drop of coolant).Local dealer had a new fuse panel in stock, I swapped it out and replaced all 3 of the 30 amp blade fuses as they were all corroded badly. The larger strip fuses were still decent. The radiator now as normal and the car does not overheat. The hose coming off the thermostat also becomes pressurized and at the temperature as well, so that's definitely not a problem! also come on automatically once the coolant temp hits 99 deg Celsius they're supposed to. solved!I drove down to First Class Auto today to give them a chance to explain/defend themselves, but there was only one guy working in the shop who she didn't recognize and no one at the counter. What customer service!So she COULD have spent the quoted $800 and STILL had the same problem! She just got dinged for a ~$40 diagnostic fee... for an diagnosis. [SEP]
5	I absolutely this sub shop! Its the only place i will get a sub sandwich! I have been going here for over 10 years and i NEVER get of it! Mitch is an owner and he really cares about the customer! MUST GO! [SEP]
5	I'm one of those people that yogurt. Anything that taste this and is this guilt-free will get me every time. The Spoon has a of flavors of fro-yo, and each flavor is only 88 calories per 4 ounces. This is news, my friends.On of that, the price is very reasonable. I got the mini (which is 4 ounces) and it rang up to $2.14. When I compare it to Swirl (your other choice of fro-yo on the Westside), this is more affordable.The service was not overly friendly, but just fine. The ice cream chick was to give us some samples.I highly the Heath flavored fro-yo. Delicious. [SEP]
1	After moving back to the area from Cali I needed somewhere to get my acrylics done. I usually to get some kind of design or unique tips. After walking in I saw some tips I so I decided to try out this place. The first visit was the nail tech would not listen to the length of nails I was requesting and did a job at shaping them. I always give people more than one chance so I went back and this time I got a pedicure first then the nail tech left the salon and I sat near the dryer for 45 min before approaching the manager about the length of time I had been waiting for a fill. He replied unapologetically that the tech had to leave to pick up her son from school... I sat another 15 min before I was seen by someone else. They also did a job. I will not spend my money somewhere that they do not value their customers. Not to mention they did a job and were when it came to designs and tips with prints on them. Don't your time here. [SEP]
5	We saw a small door with a sign over it and were intrigued, so we went inside - that's how we found Kazimierz. Once our eyes adjusted (it's inside, any speakeasy), I the decor. It's a wine bar with food that seems to be Egyptian flatbreads and then whatever the chef wants to make. We were there on a Saturday, in the middle of hour, and a evening of items that were mostly $8. Wine flights, flatbreads, certain bottles of wine = $8. BOTTLES OF WINE. I'm sure they were just cleaning out old inventory, since they have hundreds of listings, but for these two wines, until they ran out of bottles, the bottles were $8. We had the Northern Territory flatbread (pancetta, yukon potatoes, rosemary, crème fraîche and smoked gouda). Yum. We also had an open faced sandwich made with smoked pork belly, apple butter and melted cheese with potato chips on the side. IT WAS $7. Between the $8 bottle of wine and that, I felt I was from these people. The bartenders were great, as so was the music. I will, without question, be going back. [SEP]
5	This place is a lil bit of awesomeness! The food was great, the service was awesome, and the atmosphere was very nice! What's not to about a steakhouse that serves food and provides service. [SEP]
3	This really is more of a lady's hardware store with more design/decorating stuff, small appliances, and such. But this time they had something HD didn't, and at a price. Almost exactly what I was looking for, too.Even if you're a HD shopper, it doesn't to check here too. [SEP]
5	They do a job! My old dry was always destroying buttons on my shirts. Never happens at Titan. staff, too. Also, place to have alterations & shoe repairs next door...in the back of a barber shop. [SEP]
4	You know how you poke at people who go to a steakhouse and they order something chicken or seafood? I'm one of those people, but this time I teamed my seafood with STEAK!They had a prix fixe menu that carried over from their New Year's Eve dinner, but I skipped over that...I have to say, I my sirloin and 5 pieces of shrimp. Shrimp was done - not rubbery or charred and *gasp* it was actually de-veined. I can't tell you how I've gone to restaurants and their shrimp wasn't de-veined. So that alone got a little dance from me.Food was a bit on the salty side, but it didn't make me have a massive craving when we left the restaurant. Server was and knowledgeable, which was great!Hubby ordered his prime rib, but they didn't have it blue which was the way he wanted it. It's all good, they still brought him out some of the rarest prime rib I've seen in a long time...For an appetizer we ordered bacon wrapped scallops. I am a firm believer of 'bacon makes everything good!' and it did. The sauce that came with the dish was and flavorful. The rolls that came minutes before the entree was served were my kind - light and fluffy on the inside while the outer layer had crunch that me, yet didn't make me feel I was about to chip any teeth. ;)I can't wait to go back and try some of their other dishes! [SEP]
4	I knew this restaurant was, as my friend would say, legit, because a) the cooks in the back were speaking Italian and b) our server was in an Italia jersey. While I automatically assumed they were speaking Spanish, once I realized I didn't understand what they were saying, my anticipation level spiked. My husband and I both ordered the Cioppino which was the special of the night and it was fantastic. It was chock-full of seafood, mussels, clams, squid, baby octopus--amazing! The part, someone, maybe the owner? came over to our table and offered my husband an extra serving, talk about service! The second part, the homemade cheesecake for dessert. This restaurant is such a gem. The next time I go, I'll make sure I don''t forget a bottle of vino (no corking fee). [SEP]
3	leave it to corporate america to capitalize on a idea (ipic) and roll it out, steamrolling everyone in the way...--book your seat in advance using the website (fandango's mobile site integration not working at the time of this review)I knowing that my seat is MINE, and if it isn't available, i'll just have to look for another showing--choose from either the exclusive cinema suites (think first class airline seat, and then some), or the more standard and rowdy fork and screen--efficient and hardworking servers and food runners.--the concept is excellent, but with food quality, it could off quickly. why would i pay $8 for a (cracked) plastic bowl of popcorn? goddamit!#chicken wings gone south. they're the and pump-me-full-of-antibiotics-while-i-stand-in-my-own-shit-while-the-steroids-grow-me-bigger-than-my-body-was-ever-going-to-grow-in-90-days-fee-lot-meat chicken#that means they're cutting other corners too... yikes.#food often arrives cold. SEND IT BACK.#be careful to be specific when ordering; many items are similar and your server will assume.#effect of dining while you watch has literally put all the nearby restaurants out of business. the esplanade is a ghost townnote to lessees: always put a clause in your contract that competitors in the same property must be approed by you!HINT: push the service button between your seats as soon as you arrive, even if the server stops by to say he'll be with you. the button starts a timer which sends an all call if someone doesn't reach you quickly. [SEP]
3	As I write this, I'm waiting for the toilet in the room above me to stop refilling, and the man to the upper left of me to stop his muffled, out of key singing.That puts me in a head space, review wise. While this hotel is only three years old, it sounds it may as have been built in the 70's. I hear all the conversations of the folks in the hallway, I hear people walking down the hallway above mine, and for the past two days, the heavy footsteps of the person above me woke me up before my alarm. Normally I'm lenient about things that but, c'mon. This is a roadside haven meant for business travelers (and tourists too to see that this hotel is near NOTHING you're trying to visit Arizona for) to get some shut eye. It's a little under the current conditions.Aside from, you know, sleeping. The rest of this Courtyard is nice. The interior and amenities vastly make up for the absolute outside. It's located off 91st, just north of the 10 freeway. There's a little patch of and an ITT Technical Institute across the parking lot that seems too small to handle the amount of folks who need to park.Anyway, back to the inside. This is a newer Courtyard. Marriott is trying to get its old chains into a modernization fit to compete with Hilton and Hyatt's business lines. This renovation, (or new construction in this case) includes adding a restaurant for breakfast and dinner. And a bar across the way open from 5pm-10pm. God for these two additions because the pickin's around the hotel are slim as a Calvin Klein model. I think there's a Chipotle around the corner. I didn't see you jump for joy. What, not impressed?The rooms are the Courtyard style with LG flat screens, shampoos, art on the walls, wired and wireless internet...etc. This location has low tile showers with glass doors. Fancy. I'm used to the sliding curtain that ends up soaking the floor because it's all cloth anyway.If they could get the sound fixed (lucky me, I'm on the side of the hotel NOT facing the freeway) I'd easily give another star. Proximity to anything is bad, but the point of this hotel appears to be for housing workers in the local warehouses nearby. There's plenty of regulars here week after week after week as the bartender told me a few nights ago.One definite draw is that their weight room is notch and, of course, dead. You can easily be the only one in there night after night while folks who really need to use a gym will walk by you with minds set on beers, staring into the window as if to ask why anyone would try to off the food they eat. Hmmm... I wonder. The interior of this Courtyard vastly makes up for the [SEP]
4	One of the local places to get your booze!BevMo has nothing on the charm, history, and liquor selection of a place this! I am not into most beers or wines (of which they have plenty), rather I to sample the odd/exotic Vodkas, Rums, and Tequillas.Sportmans is a value, but certainly not discount -it is so the exprience tho- This is a store to browse, ask questions and take your time exploring.Give Sportsmans a shot - and you'll say No Mo BevMo! [SEP]
4	date place! I was that I wouldn't what they picked for me because I don't vegetables but the chef around that. The cheese plate was very but the bread that it came with was fantastic!! The short ribs were great. I all of my wine pairings as well. [SEP]
3	Yes I am writing a review about Red Lobster, don't judge me!! You all know you those little cheddar biscuits more then life itself! Seriously, Those biscuits, lord! Hubs and I went here last night, his picking. He him some Ultimate Feast. I usually stick to the coconut shrimp. Our waitress was awesome, the place was packed to the gills but we never really had to wait for refills. She did forget to put in for the beer hubs ordered, but he lived (YAY)! The food comes out and fast. We also got an appetizer, did the pick two the mozzarella sticks were surprisingly and the calamari wasn't just calamari but it came with broccoli and red peppers as well, tasty! [SEP]
4	I've come here too many times to count during my time at ASU. Each time I've frequented this place, I've much inhaled whatever sandwich I got. I the fact that you can customize your sandwich to order and I really the fact that you get a little chocolate chip cookie for with your order! (Their jumbo cookies are darn too!) Avoid this place during the lunch rush, as the queue can literally snake outside and around the building. Prices may seem on the high side for just a sandwich, but the ingredients are and the people behind the counter are generally cool. Now....to on using non-styrofoam cups....let's make this place even and greener! [SEP]
5	We have had nothing but at this franchise so far. We've been here probably a dozen times. It's always and the food is and the way it ought to be. Yum! [SEP]
4	Ihappened by during their open, and I was very with the food. They have a selection of meats and they are cooked perfectly. They even give you choices of regular or moist briskit (a little fattier to give it more flavor). They have a house barbeque sauce. The facility is simple - very bar atmsphere and TVs along the walls. The staff is great, and to make sure you the food. I'll be coming back. [SEP]
5	Was at Zinc again last night and have to say the place keeps getting still. Started with the crepes again, again. Then shared the scallops and lamb shank for dinner. I'm not usually a huge fan of lamb OR scallops but they were and I was feeling adventurous. The lamb - AMAZING. Melt in your mouth wonderful. More a than anything with off the bone meat over creamy polenta. Their bread is French bread too. This time of year (winter) there is a festive, buzzy energy with a crowd but not TOO long of a wait. Make reservations though for sure. Oh, and Bobby's across the way in Kierland is a spot for a pre-dinner drink (400s Hollywood glamour meets The Jetsons with live jazz your parents or grandparents would have back in the day). [SEP]
4	Picazzo's pizza is excellente! My wife and I were told about this little pizza place by a friend who swore by it, so we decided to try it out. We are sooooo that we did because the food quality & taste was amazing. My wife it so much that when I asked her where she wanted to go for her birthday...Dr. Weil's restaurant in Scottsdale or Picazzo's....guess which one she chose? Picazzo's FTW!The prices are a little on the high side, but I am a firm believer in the saying, you get what you pay for & this pizza place was every penny. [SEP]
5	Baiz Market is a Mediterranean type restaurant, or Arabic type food. Well, you could get and call it that. The fact of the matter is though, that this place has a very unique touch. This restaurant is a staple not only for groceries, but also its food. The owner is persian, so you can tell where the tastes are coming from. Its somewhat hidden in the heart of Phoenix, but that's ok, once you are there you will be you found it.This place is unique because they make their own bread! Are you kidding me? I only recently found out about this place 3 years ago, and I've been living in Phoenix for 20 years. The chicken and beef shawarma have a special, taste because of the bread. One of the parts about the shawarma is not only its taste, but the pricing is very as well. I don't think I can this enough, but the bread just sets this place apart from all the impostors in the Phoenix metro area. Why haven't the other restaurants caught on? I know of maybe one persian restaurant that makes their own bread, but their pricing makes them a different story (I'm talking about 'The Persian Room' in Scottsdale).I just don't understand how other restaurants can serve the bread that comes in plastic bags from a manufacturer hundreds of miles away. 'Good bread' and 'Arabic bread' are all forms of pita that have shelf life due to the amounts of preservatives, but they just don't taste fresh.If you the bread, head to the back of the store and there is a shelf of freshly baked pita bread, its baked throughout the day, I think. I can tell because sometimes my bread is still and the bag has a little condensation. though, the bread gets and crunchy after a few days, so you really need to use it quickly. This isn't bad, its just I think they choose not to add preservatives to ensure the freshness of the pita.I usually just get the chicken or beef shawarma, but I decided I'd get a kabob plate one day because I also wanted hummus. The beef kabob plate came with hummus, bread, 2 skewers of beef kabob, and some pickles and onions. Wow. The beef kabobs were cooked perfectly, and were EXTREMELY tender. It was a tad bit on the lemony side, but I suppose that was necessary to make it so tender. Perhaps some of the 'persian kabobs' I have ever had. The hummus was definitely as well, I can't stand restaurants that open a can of premade hummus. This restaurant certainly did not with the hummus.I know friends in Tucson that make stops specifically at this place for shawarma, and so. If you're of persian food, just check this place out. Its not at all, food for two is $15. The wide of ethnic foods is also interesting. [SEP]
2	First off made a reservation and arrived to be seated next to the extremely rotisserie. Very uncomfortable, not to mention it was 112 degrees outside that day. I asked to be seated elsewhere but the hostesses' was that this was all that was due to reservations. I made reservation but she just made another that we needed to be a larger party to sit elsewhere. I gave it two stars only because my family their BBQ-I don't. [SEP]
2	This is my second time trying this place. My first time was a week after they opened and the pulled pork was very and and the fries were awful. I figured now that they had sometime to out the kinks I would try it again. I ordered the deviled eggs to start these were good, I would order them again.I then ordered The Southwest sandwich. The bun was rock and just crumbled so I just took it off. The sandwich was supposed to come with a spicy chipotle ranch that I never got. I ordered a side of mac and cheese and it was in spots. When my server finally came to check on and acknowledge me after dropping off my food, I asked her if the kitchen could just heat it up a little. This took over ten minutes.Without my asking they comped my $4 the price of the macaroni. All in all the service was lousy, especially when the server only has three other tables and there is more than staff on. The food was not the price. I don't think I will be going back.I will however continue to go to Copper Star which I love. [SEP]
5	The single ribs I've ever had at any restaurant. This place is brand new and off to a start. The mac and cheese was delicious, the bone marrow was (as usual) and the staff and chef were and helpful. I'll be back here! [SEP]
4	Very food served quickly. Add a little sauce and some soy sauce, mix it together. Eat.Price is low and quality is high. You really can't ask more than that. [SEP]
3	dicks, richardsons etc etc but come on I'm throwing down 120$ get some servers / managers with customer service skills. [SEP]
2	Lee's Sandwiches has always been a place to go since it opened in Chandler years ago. From what I remember it was and delicious. When I went back today, I found it to be in a different way, as well.I ordered the #17 (Jambon and Pork) on a croissant and a large thai iced tea with no ice. 2 items, $9. Not quite the Lee's I remembered. They called my number and I walked up to get my food. Croissant sandwich, check. No ice in my drink, check. Thai iced tea...half check. My large cup was only half full (not being optimistic). Quite literally half full. I picked up my cup and asked where the rest of my drink was and was told that I ordered no ice (well duh). I told him I didn't order no drink and he said he wouldn't give me what I paid for.Very very disappointed. The only thing that saved Lee's from 1 star was the sandwich.Food - 4 starsCustomer service - no stars [SEP]
5	Yum yum yum! Mexican food has to me my type of food and Arriba is for sure at the of my list for Mexican restaurants! This is a New Mexican style restaurant with lots of hatch green chilies in their dishes. You can also buy them from here by the pound during the month of August. I have eaten here probably 30+ times and they are always consistent. The chips are always and they serve two different salsas as as bean dip. All three are the bomb! My item on the menu is the whitesands chimichanga. Do not order this though if you can't handle spicy stuff. but if you are me, the spicier the better, then go with this! Everyday they have lunch specials. I to go on Thurs because they have chimis for $1.99. For an extra dollar they will it with the white sands sauce. What a deal! And on Sunday they have kids day with a clown that makes animal balloons. And of all, kids eat free! And if your a beer drinker they have a microbrewery too. I'm not a beer drinker though so I can't tell you how it is. But the margaritas are on point! [SEP]
5	the Four Peaks. Can get as hell, and parking is a bit of a cluster F, but I've never ever not had a night there. The beer is excellent, the service has always been attentive, and the food is above normal bar standardsThe fish and fries was very good, the tartar sauce is good, but ask for the cocktail sauce . . . it's fantastic. Heavy on the horseradish to feel it in your nose! And the Rueben might just be the in town.The hour is great. $3 locally brewed pints? Sign me upThe location and the it being an actual brewery gives it extra points. I had family in town this week, and I to take out of towners to places that have a local AZ vibe. They definitely got a taste of MY Arizona. Next time they'll have to come during Pumpkin Porter season [SEP]
4	I really dining here. It's a small space inside but plenty of tables outside. The flowers, the exposed beams, large bar - atmosphere. I sat at the bar which is for dining alone. The bartender is very friendly. I had the foie gras and the pork belly for dinner. The foie gras was ok because the brioche was over powering with to much sweetness. The pork belly is divine. The meat melts in the mouth, and the butternut and bacon bits each other very well. The only is both dishes are so high in and I had to forgo the very cream bulee...... Another is that they don't have an espresso machine and only french press coffee.It's a spot to stop by when visiting here. date spot as well. [SEP]
3	Priced Decent, Quantity Heavy. Just ordered a side of chips and got almost a pound of chips. I chips and salsa, but this was too much than i thought. Anyway the food was and seems to have a Mexican flavor to it. a short once, particularly if you are hungry. [SEP]
5	A burger? With anything I want? FINE....I'll do it.I need no for a burger, fries and a coke (Thanks Carl's Jr.) Earleir this afternoon, after a heavy morning of househunting with a couple realtors, I decided to sit my backside at a table and eat. And eat well.I into the Five Guys at the Fashion Square mall. Not sure how long it's been open. Perhaps it was the opening?It was PACKED! But I digress.As soon as you get to this location in the food court of the mall, you'll realize that this is not your typical burger joint. They have their own seating separate from the mall-commoners. And their own bathrooms (CLEAN)You get to the counter and you see a sign telling you about the potatoes they are using for the fries you will be eating.Ordering your burger isnt a gong show. easy. All the toppings are listed and all toppings are FREE!My food was delicious. Got a burger with some of my toppings: onions, tomatoes, etc. The fries reminded me of an experience I had back in high school, when I held a girls hand for the first time. Soft, and lovely. That's how these fries felt. Ok that sounded weird. Tough.Oh, I forgot to mention that the soda fountains had COKE ZERO!! EFFING AWESOME! I MEAN THIS IS THE MOST SODA EVER!! (I'm really hoping this Kanye yelping phase ends soon, since my reviews make me seem a bigger Jackass than I seem in person).Ultimately, I left this place happy, and I will come back again.Oh...the answer to the one question in everyone's mind? YES, THAN IN-N-OUT! [SEP]
3	Ok so the look of the portions in the pictures are very deceptive. The waffle and pancakes arent big as they look, however I am stuffed so I guess the waffle was big enough. the food was very good, I thought it would be better, but I am not disappointed. I would come back here :) the waffle was not as as the farm and the pancakes were not as as first watch. but thats just my opinion. Next time I want to try some of their scrambles. [SEP]
5	Came here with the hubs- and we the place :) We were able to eat here for significantly less dinero than you typically spend at any other sushi restaurant. The food comes by on the conveyer belts and the items are price coded by the color plate they are on. At the end of your meal you just add up the plates for your total. Each plate comes with 4-6 pieces of sushi- and they also have salads, desserts, appetizers, etc on the belt. If you are that the sushi has been on the belt for too long or there is something else that you would that isn't currently on display you can order direct from the bar. :) [SEP]
2	Yeah it kind of sux! Burgers aint that (Though not terrible), girls aint that (At all :( ), place aint very (or clean).Yeah it is kind of that they are dressed as nurses and you get a little hospital bracelet with their name and such. However, putting on mandatory hospital gown is and kind of off putting (To me anyhow). They also do have a bar and sell unfiltered stogies of some kind. They also do not take CC!!! WTF I say! Is is a bit too much Old times for my taste. There is an ATM in there so there is no real need to bring cash with you. I do not know, whole thing kind of odd. It would fit my in Greer or Page or something, rather then in Chandler. [SEP]
3	We had our first experience on a Friday night about 6:30. The servers were pleasant. Thaiger has a patio dining facing Central, but it was a little too and they didn't have a misting system. The inside was with a combo bar and open kitchen. We started with the Freshie Rolls with Peanut Sauce and Lychee Martini. Nice, but not the in town (Pure Sushi Bar has a to for Lychee Drop). The entrees are huge and could easily be shared. We had the Kimow - and spicy noodles, chicken, broccoli, snow peas, onion, Thai chili, garlic and Thai Basil - Delicious!To be fair, Thai is not one of my favorites, but we to local restaurants and this came highly recommended. we tried it. And for those of you who it and SPICY - Thaiger has you covered. [SEP]
5	On of how the food is, their customer service is excellent. I went to eat there on Thursday (the 16th), and had the server ever. He was the bartender as well, and still payed tons of attention to my table. He was very nice, and very helpful. He had extensive knowledge of the menu. He was also very personable. He laid out samples of their various barbeque sauces while giving some details about each one. He squirted them out onto an extra plate he brought to the table, and he made the shape of a smiley face with all the sauces. He made that dining experience so that I wish I could write a review about him personally and suggest to his managers that he get a raise! I couldn't hear him when he stated his name over a large group that had just come in and was moving tables, but he was wonderful. Also, one of the people with me is from the east coast, and vinegar-based barbeque sauce. They didn't have any of that kind in their current rotation of sauces, and he actually went back to the kitchen and explained the situation. A lady from the kitchen made a vinegar-based barbeque sauce from just because one of us had mentioned how much we it. I've never experienced service that, and really can't say about how this guy, and all other staff I came into contact with, was! job to whoever hired him. The food was delicious, I their fries! Unlike anything you can get anywhere else. I got the country roasted chicken- seasoning, moist and tender, while still having that chargrilled/roasted skin (my favorite). All of their sauces are so good; it's to choose just one! (And no matter how many times I go there, I always sample each one again). All things to say about this Daves!Oh- and I forgot to mention the corn muffins...beyond words! Seriously, you have to try them. Now I'm craving one, and I'm sure they're not open at 3:00 a.m. I wish I could order them by the dozen haha [SEP]
4	I absolutely the food from The Pitic! The place does look rundown and it is a neighborhood.. however those are the places to eat aren't they? Food is made to order and out of the 10 or so years I have been coming here the quality of food never changes. It is for families and actually anyone looking for a mexican meal. Their crunchy beef tacos are to for :) [SEP]
5	I called several pool service companies before choosing Gator Pool Service. When we bought our house I insisted to my husband that we could take care of the pool...all we needed was someone to come check the chemicals once a month. Oh sure. After about one week, mustard algae, a storm, and a pool pump, we were looking for a pool guy.We called them on a Saturday and the owner of Gator was kind to come to our home at 6:00am the following Monday to fit with our schedules. We had our service set up that week and have been very ever since. They definitely got our pool under control and taught us quite a bit along the way. We still have them coming once every week - it's so it. Our pool was in shape after a recent storm and they were responsive. I think they came two or three times that week without charging us more.$85 per month...but can be a bit more if you need parts and chemicals. [SEP]
1	I'm to report that we dined here for lunch and it was inedible:( Chef Aaron please come by and monitor your staff. We had the eggplant sandwich and is was a disaster. It was so overly oily and the bun and fries the plate. The shrimp and grits were so average with the shrimp being of low quality. The beer menu looked fabulous. So I guess if this is just a watering hole things will be fine...but if you choose to dine be prepared to leave hungry and unsatisfied. We hope this turns around. The decor is and the staff is really and helpful...and we are for a place to visit in the hood. [SEP]
4	Sakana is one of my two neighborhood sushi joints. I their calamari salad (although the one at this location is considerably smaller than the one on 59th ave) and agedashi tofu. The waitstaff is and their bday song is always fun! Insider's tip: ask for some real wasabi! [SEP]
5	ratesGreat location- near food, shoppingQuiet areaRooms have kitchensFree Wifi and BreakfastFor a business traveler these are the big selling points- it's kinda basic but loads of features. [SEP]
5	Doc and Edwards has been a place of refuge for 5 years for me. Hell, most of my friends spent their 21st birthday there. It is to explain walking into a bar and just feeling at home. It is so and wide open. Even on the most days, I feel I am on the cast of cheers. The employees there are and the food is exactly what you expect. You can also order silvermine there with no delivery charge! The pool table rates have gone up in the last few years but if you spend a amount of money on drinks, they waive the pool table fee. Or you could go for some ping pong, foosball, UFC, or big buck hunting. It has a juke box but watch out for the lady that throws 20 in and slangs the playlist I have ever heard. If my girl would only let me, I would have my wedding there. [SEP]
5	gluten Italian place! Tell all you gluten friends, they will you for it! [SEP]
4	Breakfast is fantastic. on the coffee selection. Only thing holding back a star is no French press coffee or an espresso machine [SEP]
4	A co-worker of mine wanted to take me there because she said it is the oldest restaurant in town and walking in, that's how it felt. This place is all about the atmosphere, it's got that kind of loungy,supper club feel to it. The wait staff are all dressed in tuxedos but, were a little when we asked for extra things. The food was we both got Chicken Giordano which was a little dry but had a flavor to it. The dessert we had was amazing, three flavors of creme brulee..great to share and a change to the standard dish. One thing to watch out for is that they will try to sell you on their wine special of the night....don't get me it was a bottle of wine but, they push it on everyone!! place to go if you are in the Phoenix area! [SEP]
4	food and freindly staff. They have a selection on the menu. After seeing the table next to me I wish I'd of had the house specialty....blueberry pancakes. Next time........ [SEP]
4	I really this place and would definitely come back. I had a blueberry martini that was dreamy and for dinner I had the halibut entree which was also very good. Their wine selection is very good... I did have a glass of wine too because someone ordered a bottle of wine and I felt compelled to help him out:) And from what I remember the service was also very good. [SEP]
5	I can't believe some of the things I've been seeing people about in their reviews for this new restaurant! I set my standards high for Rice Paper and they did not disappoint! I took my wife on a date here last night because she really beef pho, and had been waiting for this place to open up! The atmosphere was very and welcoming, as was our server! He sat down with us and quickly went over what was and what was with most patrons so far. We took him up on a few of his suggestions and started with the calamari. I'm not sure what they bread it with but it was delicious, and the squid was perfect; not too soft, not too chewy!For our main course I ordered the Shaking Beef, which was cubed filet mignon served over onions on a sizzling platter in a special sauce, with a side of rice and grilled zuchinni... again on the suggestion of my server! I HIGHLY RECOMMEND! My wife got the beef pho... at first I was a bit iffy on it because the broth looked very as if it were going to be somewhat watery... but it was VERY seasoned! Our server told us that the broth stews for at least 12 hours allowing it to achieve the flavor from the pho spices! VERY IMPRESSED! Yes, it is much than your average pho joint, but I'd rather pay a bit extra for a nice, and slightly atmosphere! And the quality of the food is MUCH higher than the meat you'll get in your bowl of pho at some other places! done Rice Paper, we WILL be back! [SEP]
5	This is by far the farmer's market I've been to in the Valley. Still small by comparison to LA and the Bay Area but is off to a start with lots of potential and space to grow into.McClendon has a spread of high quality mainly organic produce and is constantly restocking so it's ok if you don't get there first thing. It was to see Tuscan kale and broccoli rabe at prices lower than Sprouts. Meyer lemons and blood oranges were also available.Phoenician's loaves were only $3. You're to sample - we particularly the Olive Walnut and Chocolate Cherry.We Digestif's Frittata ($4) made with thin layers of potato, eggs, pork belly and spinach. Other combinations were Dandelion with Goat Cheese and Mushrooms with Garlic Confit. Executive Chef Payton Curry is also there to demonstrate pulling mozzarella which is served with a of sauces and toppings,It was walking around this bustling market sampling food, tamales, which we intend to come back for next week. If I can get myself out of bed at a hour on Sat, I'll be here for sure every week until the season ends in May. [SEP]
1	UNBELIEVABLE!! so and appalled!! i took my 91 yr old mom in to the salon for a mani-pedi. after the pedicure she had the manicure and she asked for french tips. the GIRL claims she asked mom if she wanted gel nails -- she's 91, did not understand the gal's english and can't hear, so i presume she nodded. after mom paid the charge of $60 and i picked her up (i had another appt.) she told me about the charge and said she had never paid that much for a mani-pedi. i called and was told the normal charge is $30 w/$5 added for french and HE said to come back cause it was mistake. we did and the whole group of technicians said it was mom's for saying yes and would not AT ALL -- not in the slightest. i found that to be and mom felt very taken of. i will NEVER return there and i caution any hearing-impaired customers to not use this business. TO ME and of course to mom, it was such a slam on the elderly. mom is a visitor from the east coast and at her age does not need to be treated that way. VERY BUSINESS!!! [SEP]
3	Solid. We hit up the hour which features 50% off booze and tacos for $1.50. I had the duck, shrimp, and cochinita pibil (pork). They were tinier than most street-style tacos I've had (and boy howdy, have I eaten a lot of those from Cali to NY) and even a little soggy. The duck was my least as it had a rubbery taste and texture. The shrimp was A-OK but for my money, the cochinita was really where it's at with his super-porkey deliciousness. We also the queso fundido (rich with cream cheesey chunks, whaaaat???). It was way tasty but it could probably double for spackle in a pinch. The most item of the night was the churros with goat cheese caramel. Between my 3 buddies and myself, we made quick of that dish. Each of us had their house margarita which was (just I it), but I'm not entirely sure I'd order that drink for non-happy hour prices. One of the big drawbacks, however, was that our server was really rushed and we had a time getting his attention. On the whole, I think I'd be back to try some other items. The chicken mole torta looked really appealing. Be forewarned though, it IS a joint. Expect to pay $15 - $20 for most entrees. On a post-grad shoestring budget, it is certainly a splurge. We did the mural outback and the groovy art inside. [SEP]
4	I get a call on Thursday: Dude, I just got fired from UOP, we have to celebrate! If it was from anyone else but Ryan, I would have been shocked. However, he his job and we Yard House, so I was definitely down to have some FU UOP drinks up at Ridge.Yard House has been one of our main spots for years. off the bat, the Hour is fantastic; 100+ beers on tap, including some of AZ's and a couple international brews. The servers usually do a job of suggesting drinks as well. Traditionally I cleanse the palate with a Warsteiner Pilsner and roll from there. Friday night, I tipped back a few Kiltlifters as well, all brought in frosted pint glasses.The food has been across the board. Personally, you can't go with Firecracker Wings (sweet and very spicy wings) and the Spinach Dip. Their seared ahi appetizer and Caesar salad are both fantastic, with the ahi always cooked. The Southern Chicken Breast is likely the meal, though my pal is a huge fan of the Cuban Dip.The one potential is the service isn't always fast. Honestly, if you are going to relax and time with your friends, it's great. Beer glasses don't stay empty too long, waters get refilled (we only sit on the patio), and the food usually comes out before you get too hungry. Just understand that the joint gets busy for hour and you will the experience. Give me a call if you ever want to share some FU beers! [SEP]
3	Ye Olde Pipe has a selection of cigars and a very big walk-in humidor, almost too big. I say that because as I walked around I came across a few boxes of cigars that were way too dry. With that said, I still found SEVERAL cigars that were and moist. What I about Ye Olde was the variety, they had several cigars at all price points, so if you can't to an Opus X, they had plenty of cigars for less than $10. If you aren't an smoker, I don't know if you will get any help because the staff did not seem very or welcoming, but if you know what you want, there is a chance they have it. [SEP]
4	Why go to some new place that tries to recreate the ambiance of an old fashioned ice cream parlor when you can just go to an actual old-fashioned ice cream parlor? Unlike newer parlors, Mary Coyle's doesn't try to be self-referentially hip or ironic, they just serve ice cream without pretense. The thing is, they must be doing something since they're with all age ranges and different groups of people. Plus, it seems the high school kids working there are having a time and actually to see you when you come in. [SEP]
5	Been here 4 times in the past 6 months. I bringing out-of-towners here. art and history exhibits specifically related to Native Americans from the southwestern United States. priced entrance fee. Go on the tour - they will tell you really things about each of the exhibits you otherwise wouldn't know - makes the visit much more enjoyable. A must see for visitors to Phoenix! [SEP]
2	Got a to eat here from a friend and was somewhat disappointed. Expecting a sit-down restaurant with wait service, I was surprised to find it layed out more a food joint with the addition of a bar--kind of odd. The service was and friendly, but the food was average and didn't seem quite and got very as a result. The part about dining here was the churro I picked up on my way out, which was surprisingly delicious. All in all, I don't see myself returning to the Blue Burrito Grille unless it's to pick up a churro or two after seeing a movie at the nearby theater. [SEP]
3	The property is and clean. Restaurant's were great. The is the front desk snobs. No personality. They up my reservations, made me and my family find our own hotel for the night that they up? They didn't even try to get us another room, despite me paying any price. After a long day of travel with an infant, toddler and wife, the last thing I want to do is look for another hotel at 11 PM, only to come back the next day.The attitude of the front desk is and horrible. [SEP]
4	I was sworn to secrecy when we first came here with friends several years ago. I think it's some of the Italian in town. It isn't (a plus, in my book). It's small, so sometimes there can be a wait involved. Even though its small, because of the very personal service by the owner, the service can be or distracted. The food, however, is it! I try to get something new each time I go, and I've never been disappointed. [SEP]
2	Eh -- no. I stopped here for quick take-out one day while at work. They had no sushi at all (even though it's on the menu), and the menu itself isn't laid out very for understanding what they have/what's included. I wasn't there to eat onsite, but thing -- very little inside seating. The food wasn't all that good, and if the customer says to go, then you should put utensils and napkins in the bag for me. The place didn't seem very either. Just not a experience. Go somewhere else. [SEP]
4	Buy Local Coffee is what a sign out front of this establishment says. So that's what I did. I went to Copper Star Coffee to get my drink of choice, an iced coffee with cream. I the flavor. It was than Starbucks and quite a few cents cheaper. SCORE!!! I became a regular. I with my ice coffee for months but their bakecase was calling my name every time I would enter. I found out Copper Star bakes their own pastries daily. Another SCORE!!! No preservatives or high fructose corn syrup. I started adding a scone with my iced coffee. They have chocolate chip, lemon, blueberry, etc. Delicious!!! The apple sauce spice cake is now my favorite. It is a vegan pastry. It is flavorful and the glaze is so slight but fantastic. Not a vegan by the way. I have been branching out among the Copper Star menu. Try the Black Cherry Limeade. The specialty coffee drinks are quite too. The blended toffee drink rocks. The antioxidant smoothie is refreshing. The other smoothies are okay. They use syrup in those. I don't know how that makes them. (Real fruit please).Let's talk about their sandwiches now shall we. I have tried their sesame tuna, the curry chicken, the deviled egg salad, and the veggie. All of them are winners. You wont be disappointed. Copper Star just unveiled there new sub sandwiches as well. They use a local butcher's sausages for their subs. Awesome. Way to keep it in the community.-internet access-community board-art work-misters for the heat-water bowl for dogs-drive thru car hop service-frequent customer stamp cardThe Copper Star building is an old service station gutted out and made cool. The staff is and they stick around. Not a high turn over. It must be a place to work.Parking can be tricky. The majority of the parking is on the street and the parked customer cars into the surrounding neighborhood. You may have a little walk. Big Woop!A must. Check it out. [SEP]
4	This is my neighborhood grocery store. It's at the two locations I shop at most. It's always and stocked and I never have to wait in line for very long. [SEP]
4	Anyone else have this problem?I to go out and socialize. I don't care if a place is a little or smoky (what do you expect in a bar). I have more if there is a crowd, music I can dance to, and a full service bar that can make all those foo-foo drinks & shots I like.My boyfriend on the other hand places without a lot of where he can just out, have a conversation and drink beer.We finally found a place we can go that makes both of us happy: 16thh St Sports bar! This place isn't exactly a sports bar. Its not a club. Its not dirty, but DIVE would still be an description.The dance floor + DJ and pool tables are on one side of the building. The main bar, main lounge, and the big TVs are on the other side of the building.My boyfriend can grab a table and with friends without having to talk over a lot of noise. I can leave my purse & cell phone with him and go to the other side of the place to dance the night away....When I get or thirsty I can go find him and take a break. I that they have lots of bartenders and waitstaff working. I never have to wait long for a drink even when I'm not drinking with everyone else from a pitcher. [SEP]
1	As you walk in you are greeted by a sign that says Cash Only ATM inside alright times are I get it. Then you see the special board which read Food Takes Time and there is a clock next to that. that's but the is that after waiting for our food it came out and was awful. My wife said she has tasted pancakes out of the freezer section at the grocery store. $30 later we boxed up the food only to throw it away. The news is that we went around the corner to the Breakfast Club and had an meal. [SEP]
5	This review is for the food only. If you care about parking and what kind of extras they sell that aren't food related you'll have to check out another review.I LGO. The food is absolutely notch and I how the menu has both traditional fare and a few things you've never heard of their Venice Beach Burrito which is filled with eggs, tofu chorizo, spinach, and other goodies. It comes with a side of salsa which also fantastic. I eat breakfast here all the time and I have never been disappointed. Also, if you're in a hurry grab one of their pre-made granola/yogurt/fruit parfaits, Yum! [SEP]
5	What a little find especially for Phoenix! I've been there on at least 4 occasions and have never been and just had to let everybody know about this little gem! Recently I took my mother and we had Singapore Noodles and Malaysian Rice Noodles (which are kind of Thai's Rad Na but better). On another occasion my husband ordered Pork Belly Curry and really it. I wasn't as and had Chicken Kebab Burmese style. Family owned, quiet, and very affordable. You have to really look for this place since its in a shopping center(its on the north side of Shea between 70th & 71st St in Scottsdale). early bird dinners as well! [SEP]
4	I have been to this course a few different times. The summer deals brought me in because it is a little during the season. The greens and fairways have always been in condition and I the hills and strategically placed bunkers. I haven't really scored on this course but as a beginner golfer I the challenge this course offers. Water jugs on every tee is crucial for the summer months. [SEP]
1	Absolutely gross- I'm just going to be bluntly honest- who the F cares what the food tastes when the place looks a frickin' dump? It was so inside. Besides food, paper, trash- resting among the carpet- the tables were dirty, the bathroom was out of service and I feared touching anything as I was to my seat... that's a problem.I've actually never seen such a restaurant before. Let me also say that the restaurant was empty when we arrived, and was when we walked in and was when we left. Obviously no one that at this restaurant cares about cleaning up between seatings. There's no for a place to be this. It's downright unsanitary. You serve food Valle Luna, you're a business Valle Luna- keep the place for heaven's sake. [SEP]
4	Back to Joe's.... been several years as we are Westside dewelers and on Mother's Day we had Mom & Dad with us and suggested Joe's after the experience out at Schenpf''s farm. we went, Joe's really is quite tasty, is it the best? - Probably not but that is all relative! For the SE Valley, it's our go to spot for BBQ. We had the ribs, pulled pork, the Jumbo tater with Pork, coleslaw, mac & Chz, cake, patato pie. All were really quite tasty. The sauce isn't THAT hot... but lil kick. One time we will be there when it's not as out and get to try that large outdoor seating! - I gotta say the Cake kicks ass! [SEP]
3	**********This Time We Didn't Do Carry-Out**********Definitely ......... when you eat there.This place is Pei Wei ........VERY LARGE chunks of meat.Vegatables ...... NEVER.......Just Pei Wei........their priceless.WARNING:Hot Tea is for $2.00*********Brown Rice instead of White ......... ALSO $2.00**********The Soups are TERRIBLE. [SEP]
5	I was in this area and went here for lunch today based on the Yelp reviews. I had a molete and lengua, fish, and pastor tacos. Washed it all down with a Mexican coke, made an lunch! Everything was so I ordered a shrimp burrito to go and shared it with a friend after I left. I'll be back to try more things next time I'm in the area! [SEP]
5	I me some coffee. The french roast brew is for surviving a long day of work. If you want something sweet, order the iced raspberry mocha. Just the amount of without tasting you're drinking syrup. The muffins are moist and delicious. The spinach salad here is surprisingly (yes, they make spinach salad at this coffee place). The part about this place? It is not full of hipsters and college students who hog all the seating and never leave. I can't wait to go back to try all of the other drinks offered. [SEP]
3	Another visit. I am starting to think this isn't a fluke and PB has it's touch. We went for my wife's birthday around 4pm on a Wednesday. We actually walked in and sat down. We were both as the least amount of time we have ever waited was over 3 hours. The staff was more on where we sat than giving us a greeting even though the place was empty except two other tables. We put in our order for a margherita with prosciutto, a guy, and a caprese salad.The bread came out with some oil to dip it in. I can't remember if it was always but it would be if they threw it in the oven for 30 seconds before they serve it to you. Next our pizzas came out and the margherita was missing the prosciutto. Not a big deal. Maybe he didn't hear me, maybe the cook didn't hear him? My wife confirms I did request it and I'm not my mind. The pizzas were but the usual special touch. The crust was the part which is not but what was was the rest was very luster.Even though the shop was our waiter never came back to us and was back behind the bar laughing and chatting with other staff members. Finally a blonde woman asks if we would our bill. She brings it to us and when I give her my card I gently advise her they forgot my prosciutto and it's on the bill. Another guy brings the bill back for me to sign. The 6 dollar prosciutto is still on it. I inform him that there was no prosciutto and I told the other woman but it's still here. I don't know if she thought I was just making small talk or what but I sure am not paying 6 bones for some sliced ham that wasn't even on my pizza. He took care of it.Here's the deal. I don't know if it's because I didn't wait 3-5 hours to eat or if it's just apart without Chef Bianco but PB has definitely it's way and is quickly the legacy he created whether they want to acknowledge it or not. I used to think the staff was short and slightly because of how busy it was and dealing with starving customers brings them down but now I know that is not the case. They are just not at what they do and have been there getting away with it for too long. Just because PB is and Chef Bianco is world doesn't mean you are. The dough is to come back for but there is simply no way I would ever wait in line to eat here again.If you read my previous review you will see I am not a PB and actually was a huge advocate. I guess all things really do come to an end. [SEP]
4	What a menu! My boyfriend sushi and I don't eat seafood, so going to these types of restaurants can be quite disappointing. However this place has the most extensive menu I've seen at a Japanese restaurant that is known as a sushi bar. The ambiance in the place is really at night with lighting, music, and plating. All the little details in the decor, placing the chopsticks on a river rock was beautiful. Their menu offered everything from chicken and beef to lots of seafood. I ordered chicken teriyaki and it was delish. Their sauce tasted homemade and was then most which I loved. It came plated nicely. I also had their tempura which was light and airy as it should be. The dipping sauce, also heavenly. My man seemed to his sushi and it looked as well. Overall it's compared to other sushi places, however the ambiance of the restaurant and choices on the menu make it it. [SEP]
4	So we finally decided to give Cibo another chance and I'm so we did!I their patio. It's very and especially with all the lights wrapped around the trees. The heaters keep you on a night and it's much than their indoor space. This place is a date spot. We both had the Prosciutto Cruda pizza and had wanted to try the burrata, but they'd been out of it for the last week so we ordered the bruschetta instead. Our waiter also the Valpolicella Ripasso, which was ok, but it was a little light for our tastes. The pizza was really (the ingredients really come through), but we weren't the biggest of the crust. I something more substantial and airy. But for a thin crust pizza it wasn't soggy at all. A big plus! The bruschetta was also ok (don't get me I still ate all of it and would order it again), but each bite just needs a little more of a punch. Service was and we met Karen, the owner, before we left and she is a doll. We had a much experience this time around and we will certainly be back. [SEP]
3	So-so Mexican food. I have heard people about this place and I don't really get it. Don't get me wrong, it's than Manuel's or Filiberto's... but that's about all I can say.Okay, their Pollo Fundido is (but not you will get at Ajo Al's). But let's talk about the purple and teal accent colors that I was remodeled in the 80's! Lame.Good chips and salsa but small-ass bowls! Oh, and don't expect to park in their little lot during dinner rush. Also, the surrounding neighborhood is definatly the ghetto-side of the Moon Valley area. [SEP]
5	It isn't often that I get to dine at Carlsbad, but last night I decided to have dinner there. I'll be completely honest, service is always a mixed bag. But then you figure when they're crammed to the gills (which is generally how it goes), you can't always expect Gonzales to be your server. However, last night I don't think I could have sneezed between the time I ordered my food and when it arrived to my table. Excellent.. is all I can say about this joint.If you're looking for some tasty New Mexican fare, get over there!! And if it's packed, let the valet park your car(CUZ ITS FREE)! Start off with a Dos Equis Amber, get some nachos(this vegetarian WILL eat the niblets of chicken in them nachos cuz it's just that tasty) and kick back. on the patio...because there's a waterfall!!! And if Jacob's working the bar.. expect nothing but the in cocktails... seriously. [SEP]
1	This wendy's is terrible. I grew up going to Wendy's but recently the whole chain has become disgusting. This one is just a slow, chain. Blah, rather eat much any where else. [SEP]
4	This in truth had been my first Cajun eats.The atmosphere was cool.The service was good.The food was and filling. [SEP]
5	little lunch/brunch spot! Went here with the family while visiting Scottsdale and really it! We had the Tuna Melt, which was with their spiked cottage cheese! The cranberry chicken salad made into a sandwich was DELICIOUS! The omelets and looks - I didn't taste, but then again, there was nothing left on the plate! LOL Smaller place so could be busy during peak hours, may call or try and hit an off time. Service was ok, wasn't anything special but the food was really and made for a really little lunch spot! [SEP]
4	Clean, comfortable, smoke-free, service, staff.Also, their breakfast had a of food items. There is juice and coffee; bagels, yogurts, waffles and cereals.The hotel was a lot than I expected, and I would definitely stay here again. [SEP]
1	They wouldn't pet co's online sale prices. That's the first time I've heard about this. [SEP]
4	Being a San Jose native, I know Pho and Vietnamese cuisine. Let me tell you, Khai Hoan is excellent. Definitely the I have had in AZ and comparable to the noodle houses in San Jose. The pho (rice noodle soup) is great- beef or chicken. The dry noodles and rice dishes are portions, and very tasty. ingredients in everything. Make sure you get an order of spring rolls. . . If you have not had Vietnamese food, check it out! It is fantastic. If you have had Vietnamese, go to Khai Hoan and you will not be disappointed. [SEP]
4	My dog is very and they do a very job handling her. It did take a few times before she got with them. I am I found The Doggie Door. [SEP]
5	Arai pastry is so delicious!ironically i come here not for the sweeties: confections, cakes, cookies, cremes, not being my style- but for their savory treats! The breads they make here are knotch, the various salty pastries are all exploring, the red bean one and the curry filled ones being my favorites. But the real deal, the Coup de grâce, the mamoth reason of what makes this little japanese pastry shop (in my mind) is their sandwhiches/ green tea shakesthat one two of savory is what makes me want to live sometimesyes yesi find the world to be a place with those items in my tummy [SEP]
2	Our Mass organizer arranged with Cycle for us to end our May ride at that establishment. I was excited, because Cycle purports to be a pro-bicycle bar/restaurant. We rolled up, all excited. There were bike racks for our nearly 100 riders. However, when we entered the hotel, we were brusquely directed to the bar entrance. Having been to the restaurant before, I wandered out to check the dining room. I was immediately turned back at the entrance and told the dining room was reservations only.Well, the bar has maybe 5 tables, and there were nearly 100 riders. People who have just completed a 10-mile+ bike ride want to eat, drink, and be seated, not stand 5 deep in a bar line and then stand around holding their drinks. We were not even sure we'd be able to order food. We left almost immediately and went across the street to Portlands. after we'd ordered, we saw another group of bikers headed to Carly's.It's not Cycle didn't know we were coming. If you know 100 people are coming to your venue, don't you think you'd prepare to them and them to spend freely? Lame. [SEP]
2	We were when we found that we could add George and Sons to our delivery list. The food is good, not great, but it was a option on nights. Tonight when the food was delivered it seemed the price was a bit high. There wasn't an itemized receipt attached to the credit card slip so I said to the delivery guy this seems high. He gave no explanation so I tipped as usual. turns out that there is a $4 delivery charge so this guy made a big tip for driving down the street. I have no with delivery charges because there are some tippers out there; I just having extra charges slipped onto my bill with no explanation. This will probably be the last time we order. [SEP]
3	* 5 stars for uniqueness - This place has very food and flavors that aren't common around here.* 5 stars for the staff - Everybody was very and friendly.* 5 stars for coolness of the location and the establishment - I mean it is that this place is in a redone 100-year-old house in a part of downtown Phoenix. Parking is a though.However.....Besides feeling hip, cool, urban and trendy; I also felt hungry and off after leaving. Sure, I could sit there for hours sipping saki and trying every one of their tapas and probably be ok hunger-wise but I would NOT be ok with the $100+ tab per person that it would surely be. For me this is more of a fun/interesting place to go before you go out to dinner. [SEP]
3	Meh, I'm not completely sold.It's so much smaller than a traditional B&N and they did not have anything I was looking for. Nevermind any of the school related supplies I would have to seen.I don't think I'll come back here, I'll make my way to Borders (yada yada as you will). I won't be going to the next nearest B&N (Tempe) because I don't have a car and the energy just isn't it. [SEP]
4	Consistency every time i return in quality of ingredients, service and taste of food! how that one of the owners recognizes you and comes over to greet you. the staff behind the counter and girls who wait on you when you come to dine in add to the positivity. my dessert is the yogurt with granola and fruit. i wish this place were open a bit longer. i've had most of the entrees, the duck salad with the sauce, the greens taste it's gone from field to plate in the same day.i'll give this bistro 5 stars if they stay open longer hours. i feel this is scottsdale's kept secret. [SEP]
4	If you're in the neighborhood, it's not full of skivers having a session. Service was and ample. Food was good. Exactly the pub we needed to find. A chat with a local Barney, the jig my daughter into was heart felt, live music, and a boxty that tastes my dad made it. [SEP]
3	On a recent visit to Arizona, my mother and I ventured into this store. Neither of us had stepped foot in it before, even though she lives a mile away. The aisles are out by cuisine, and the selection was awesome. I was particularly surprised by the Holland, Dutch, Brazilian, and British aisle, in market classified as Asian. Very unexpected. I bet they would be more business if they boasted to be more international. I really this place, but the word needs to get out about Lee Lee's. If more people shop, they will restock their shelves more often, and most items won't be so close to their expiration date. Final points:- check expiration dates before purchasing- Generally but the shelved items needed to be dusted and straightened, especially the aisle with dishes. They were all over the place and had to hunt for matching bowls. It's a market, not a dollar store- If you can get past the initial fish smell, you won't be disappointed. [SEP]
5	I this place. Matt's has been a staple breakfast, brunch, whatever place for me since I moved to Downtown 5 years ago. They just moved to a place up the street (where Verde used to be for locals) with more room so now everything isn't so crammed! Not that we all didn't their original house, this one just says, I'm still awesome, I just stepped up a notch. Everything is delicious. I their 5 Spot, the waffles are great, and their lunch specials are always amazing. If you jelly - try their homemade stuff. Try the bacon. [SEP]
4	I really this place. However it does time no other place.Somehow evertime you are there for over 2 hrs?I usually try on 60 items to get 1 that fits well, and a half dozen times about being :(Then I cruise the little kids clothes because the mens clothes are to large for me and the womens are cut weird.One of my boobs is a 3rd the size of the other so its soo to find clothes that dont make me look a survivor.Anyway, finds here. Try the clothes on even if it says the size is smaller than you wear. A lot of times it says one size but is really another.My girlfriend bought 200.00 jeans for 20.00 a piece because it said they were a 24 when they were really a 27.P.S. anyone know where to find some dress vests?The womens ones are too short and make me look I have flowing handles and the mens vests are to big in the shoulders and ribs.I think I should try maybe a kids vest? thoughts? [SEP]
4	http://stevelerer.comI traveled to Phoenix only a few days away from the LA marathon in March and was determined to start carbo loading early. My first stop was Matt's Big Breakfast, a place I had patroned back in 2010. That time I ordered the item that Guy tried on triple D and it was really good. He ordered the chop and the chick which was a pork chop and two eggs. It was delicious, with a pesto topping, I only wished I could have had more pesto but they may have given it to me if I had asked.The restaurant is small usually with a 10 minute wait even for one person. I didn't mind and out with the locals for a little bit before I was able to sit at the bar. The decor and ambiance is not much different than most other small breakfast spots but it is and welcoming. The staff was and took my order quickly and it was only a short while before my order of the hog and the chick was in front of me. Placed at my spot of the counter was cooked think cut peppered bacon, crispy hashbrowns, and two cooked over medium eggs. Everything on the plate was cooked really and was a breakfast. The eggs were under medium which is where I them and the hashbrowns were crunchy and crispy on the outside while still creamy on the inside. Somewhat a potato latke, just without all the onion. By far the star on the plate was the think cut bacon. Sometimes when a restaurant says that the bacon is think cut it really isn't and other times it is so thick that it comes out uncooked. Matt's got it just and peppered to the edge of too much. Just where I it. I could have eaten platefuls of this stuff, if only they were in LA at the end of the marathon.The last thing in my order was the real reason I returned to Matt's. Each breakfast arrives with a side of bread of which you have a few options. Bread aside, the start was the strawberry they served on the side. The is without a the thing in the restaurant. It is with chunks of fruit inside. It has so much flavor in such a simple concoction, I could eat a jar of it. Too they only give you about two ounces. I if they bottle and sell it because I would buy.All in all Matt's Big Breakfast is a really breakfast joint in downtown Phoenix. No it always has a wait. The peppered bacon was and the rest of the meal was nothing to at but, in the end, I would come here every time I visit Phoenix just for the strawberry jam. Check out Matt's Big Breakfast the next time you are in town and let me know what you think.Overall Review: 7/10 [SEP]
5	What can I say that hasn't already been said about the food, or the view? I know, I'll share the part about my birthday dinner at Elements -- meeting Executive Chef Beau Macmillian. He didn't duck away when we made eye contact in the hallway, instead he away from his staff and came up and introduced himself. He was so personable. He could have easily ignored us. I'm sure he's approached on a regular basis now that he's such a TV personality. But instead, he chatted us up and he talked about how he was so inspired by Asian food and how he wanted to bring that influence into his food and to Arizona. Before we knew it he was taking us in to see the latest renovations to Elements' kitchen! He proudly showed off the latest upgrades. Sure, there were new gadgets, but he even included skylights because his sous chefs said they never seeing the light of day. How is that?And to be revealed next month is an expansion to the kitchen that includes a table for 12 INSIDE the kitchen. Not a new concept for restaurants, but something Chef Macmillian is so about. There's no that the food that he cranks out can be intimidating, but his latest endeavor speaks to his desire of having his guests witness the artistry behind the kitchen doors. This new addition to give you a full sensory experience BEFORE the plate even reaches your table - from seeing, and hearing what's happening in the kitchen to finally tasting the finished product. Talk about mouth watering. Here's hoping that I will one day get to sit at that table. [SEP]
2	Went around lunch today and got a blended double chocolate mocha. The staff were really and the building is really cool, but my coffee was more of a milk than any sort of blended coffee - I even asked to make sure it was made with coffee. It had no coffee flavour at all and certainly wasn't double chocolate. I all their different seating, the vintage cash register and even one of the bathrooms I've ever been in, but if I'm going to pay nearly $5 for a 16oz drink, I want it to taste amazing. Was also that they didn't have any real selection in the bakery case - it was all sandwiches, breads, and a tarte (which looked but was also overpriced). They apparently some prizes for cupcake or something and there were NO cupcakes in the case when I went in. [SEP]
3	Other than being a little on some of their items, it's really food. I've tried the pesto linguine, fettucine with marinara, grilled cheese with tomato and arugula, linguine with alfredo sauce, caesar salad, their chocolate and vanilla cupcakes, and their chocolate chip scone. The overall price for two adults (with medium drinks) is always about $20. I wouldn't go there all the time, but every now and then I get a craving for their bread they serve with all their pastas or one of their cupcakes. [SEP]
5	I the lakes! Yes it's a lake in the desert! Dragon Boat, Outrigger, and Marathons! It's the place to do it. Not sure about the fishing part, but I do see people fishing there. What are they trying to catch hmmm?? I running there on a nightly basis and so should you. South side is probably the most scenic, but not to say the North side is bad. If you're a fellow photographer I would definitely this place during the evenings :) [SEP]
4	I was really surprised by this place! Soooo much than that other bertos place! I went thru the drive thru so I'm not sure about the inside but I ordered the taco and cheese enchilada combo with rice and beans. I also ordered a side of chips. The food was very and the rice was REALLY good! The chips were hot!! it! Yum! I will be back when I'm in the area again. [SEP]
1	I would give this place NO STARS but Yelp! wants me to give at least one. I went here with my boyfriend last night for dinner and next to our Bucca di Beppo (Scottsdale) experience, I have to say, this one is on my list of MOST restaurant experiences. The service was so bad, we didn't even get to try the food! True Yelper that I am, I did my homework before suggesting that we come here for dinner. I saw all the reviews about the service , but I paid more attention to the and Pho reviews because after all, you can't it til you've tried it. Yes, the place looks as divey as any food dive gets, yes the place isn't as as it probably can be, but hey, all the pho I've had (Da Vang, Khai Hoan, Pho Thanh) has been from some of the diviest pho spots in town. I was excited. It was around 6pm and the place wasn't busy (there were 5 other customers besides us, and 3 of them were on their way out), so we went ahead and sat ourselves down. The server gave us menus, and made her way back behind the cash register. After looking over the menu for less than 2 minutes (I usually go for the spring rolls + everything pho whenever I visit a new spot), we were to order. I tried to make eye contact with our server but she seemed to be preoccupied with laughing and talking with the pre-teen sitting behind the counter with her. I finally made eye contact with her, she looked at me and I looked at her, and she turned back to her conversation. For the next 15 minutes I tried to get her attention to alert her that we were to order - no luck. But then I noticed that both her and the girl she was talking to were looking over at us and laughing, occasionally pointing in our direction and laughing some more. I wasn't about to give up because I was determined to try some of their well-reviewed food, but after a quarter of an hour spent trying to get their attention with them just laughing and pointing at us, my boyfriend and I had enough. The way they treated us was and humiliating, so we walked out and drove across town to another Vietnamese restaurant. We are never going back to this restaurant, and I suggest you don't either. Just as it isn't acceptable for customers to be to restaurant staff, it also isn't okay for restaurant staff to be to customers who have not done anything to deserve treatment. We did not deserve the type of treatment we got at this restaurant and I am seriously fuming with as I write this review. I don't care how and your food is, you cannot use that as an to make customers who come in feel somehow they are undeserving individuals. Thanks, but no thanks, Pho House. I don't need to feel disrespected and just so I can try your Vietnamese food. I have plenty of Vietnamese friends who have moms who can probably cook than you can and will treat us a million times than your staff did last night. [SEP]
4	Considering this is the only gym I've ever been in, it's great! They have updated equipment and lots of them. I usually go during one of the busy times and can always get on a machine, or do the things I want to. Plus they have classes which are good. And every time me & my boyfriend walk in & out of the Y, a gal at the food counter greets us and says goodbye. We still never order anything, though...They a star though because I WORKING OUT! Sigh... [SEP]
5	Okay,talk about coincidences....The other day I was compli-chatting with fellow yelper Jarvis about to find music.Today I run into a past acquaintence while out and about.How do either of these tie into a review of La Rue's?Okay,follow along if you will.So I run into this past acquaintence who's apparently had a bit of a week.She tells me about finding this store in the middle of a day and it immediately turned her upside down.She's about it.Then she tells me she has a yelp account and has added a review.I tell her I too have some reviews on yelp.Today I'm in that neck of the woods and so I stop in.Holy hell!This place is a queen's delight!It's glitterific and there are beaded dresses and sequined accessories everywhere.Not anything I can personally do anything with,but I did manage to pick up a few things as gifts for friends.And none of it the bank.What does this have to do with my convo with Jarvis?A day or so ago we were discussing to find music and I brought up Nina Hagen.The sales girl in this store was a RINGER for Nina Hagen!!!!Flame red spikey hair and clothes out of 1978 rock!That took me back to the old days for sure.She knew the stock,was able to make suggestions by asking specific questions and wasn't the least bit pushy.She was able to attend to several customers at the same time and created a very social atmosphere for everyone there.For someplace I didn't expect to feel in,it was a surprise.While there wasn't anything there I would feel the need to buy for myself,I could see going back again and again to get gifts for friends.A experience. [SEP]
3	Eyebrows are a very subject. I'm literally convinced that unless you make some serious cash, finding an and aesthetician is finding a needle in a haystack. Well, Yelpers, I've been searching in this haystack for three months too long, and each time I leave thinking, They really don't listen to what I requested and I money. So, I decided, no longer was I going to leave spending $20.00 (tip included) on brows. I went back to doing my own, and I am completely satisfied. Plus, the music selection is terrible. A positive, it's that they text you a 24 hour reminder notice. However, you be sure you show up, because they do charge fees for tardies and no-shows. [SEP]
5	We took our grandson (Sebastian) to the park for a thoroughly visit. Sebastian wasn't too sure about the carousel, but the train ride put a all over his face. The visit to the Presidential railroad car was and educational for the adults. Sebastian it too. [SEP]
3	I've eaten at quite a few Yogis Grills since they started opening up in Arizona a handful of years ago. Their teriyaki chicken is and you get quite a bit for your dollar. However!!! Two things. 1. No matter which location I go to the service always seems sub-par. It seems everyone that at Yogis Grill just seems uninterested and the ability to be friendly. *shrug* Its not overly to me but it would be to have friendlier service. 2. Their sushi, is not that and they are over priced. I can go to Kona Grill which is a restaurant and get much tasting sushi for nearly $2.00 cheaper! I just can't get past how their rolls are AND it doesn't taste much then grocery store sushi. I'll still go there for teriyaki but not for sushi, its just not it. [SEP]
3	I have to admit, I a Philly Cheesesteak sandwiches...So when I heard about this place I had try it. We made the drive down there...park in the parking garage off of 5th st. Walked to the resturant and was impressed. Place was really clean, guys behind the counter were as as philly people can be. Then I looked at the menu, saw what I wanted to order and ordered it. I ordered an full size cheesesteak with cheese wiz...i made it a combo. I was that it came out to $13 for a sandwich, drink and fries. When I finally got my food, I was with the taste but don't know if it's the $13 I paid for it. If you don't want the combo, the full sandwich is still $9. So if you want a sandwich, be prepared to pay for it. [SEP]
3	Dined here last Friday night. I know this is considered one of the Chinese restaurants, but I am w/ a 2 vs 3 star rating.The eggrolls, pot stickers were good. Pot stickers are actually quite stuffed.I got one of the chow mein dishes w/ the noodles done Hong Kong style, fried. The dish itself was fine, but the noodles were weird. Part of them looked they had not been put in oil and adequately...they were dried and stiff. I pulled that bit out onto my extra plate. The daugher her Kung Pao chicken. Hubbie's shrimp dish was too, but the broccoli ringing the dish could have been cooked just a little bit longer...it was much raw.Table was a little sticky. Ultimately, I felt I could go to another chinese restaurant and have a similar meal, maybe Tao would be slightly better? Or Tao is slightly worse? I can't get past those noodles. Yuck.I think ultimately if I'm in the mood for Asian, I'm not gonna go the Chinese route. Go to asian for me now is Anise. [SEP]
4	3 1/2 Stars.Girl's choice last night.... and we (my sister, my niece Carol, and myself) ended up at the Dave's in Chandler. These Dave's look every other one... typically Orange and Yellow! At night, you must have eyesight if you can't find a Dave's! In the evening, Dave's is just a lighthouse beacon in the middle of a mall!On the menu...Blue Margarita (** 1/2) made with Blue Curacao - It's when the last time you saw your niece she was just drinking Cokes... now it's Blue Margaritas. Must be getting old. In summary... not very toxic. Could have drank this in one gulp and wouldn't have had an effect! Machine mixed and made. Looked cool, though, with an Aquamarine Blue color.All American BBQ Feast (****) is that all this stuff ( Full Slab of St Louis style SpareRibs (*****), Whole BBQ Chicken (*** 1/2), 1/2 lb of Texas Beef Brisket (*****), Fries (*****), 2 Baked Potatoes with all the Fixin's (*****) replaced the Coleslaw and Wilbur Beans, 4 Corn on the Cob (***), 4 Muffin Style Corn Bread (****) ) is served on a bright, shiny, galvanized Can lid. Some of the items definitely in BBQ flavor.Hot Kahlua Brownie (**) Warm, Walnut covered Chocolate Brownie, soaked with Kahlua Liquer and topped with Vanilla Bean Ice Cream, Fudge, and (loads and loads of) Whipped Cream. Ice Cream and Kahlua was no-where to be found!Total tab: $82.08. Not for the amount of food.Service (****) This is a total generalization... but what the heck! The wait-staff at Dave's is totally opposite from the previous evening's robotic performance from the wait-staff at Olive Garden ( http://www.yelp.com/biz/olive-garden-italian-restaurant-chandler#hrid:l6HajH2UNtb1EZMTj19Ccg ). I really don't give a darn if it's just a performance... the attitude that the wait-staff presents will be passed onto the customers... whether or good.Typical of all Dave's you sit at a booth or table covered with Red and White table-cloths. At the front entrance is a display of all the BBQ that Dave's BBQ items have won.... mostly in the MidWest. Check out the lead-pipe utilitarian interior design... Cool!Very and atmosphere! Kids or adults with a kid's attitude will Dave's. [SEP]
5	So. After 8 years of owning a Ford, it left me stranded on the road one to many times. So I bought a '06 Hyundai Elentra (from a different location). Ive never owned a foreign car, this car appealed to me because of the low miles and still had a warranty. Well....it started to act a little funny. So I called up Discover Hyundai, as they are miles from my work. I spoke to Tim in the service department and he was more then helpful. They had to keep the car for 2 days, because they couldn't get it to do what I was telling them it was doing...but they were persistent and finally were able to duplicate my issue. Everything was under my warranty. I was back on the road by the end of day 2! I will for sure be going back here for all normal maintenance and if any other arise. Thanks Tim! [SEP]
5	I honestly wish I could give this place 0 stars just to keep people out of here- that's how much of a my bf and I think this place is. The not only have a more theater, a bar, food beyond the typical nachos and patch kids (crappy, but it's there and basically just a in my opinion) but they have 3 flavors of popcorn...3! bajesus- we go for the Carmel popcorn alone. I don't even think we have had the regular or the cheese ever, maybe once. We go out of our way to go there just for that. This place is never that busy which I don't understand. Oh, and another plus, it's not the Tween's hangout on Friday nights. I will admit, we buy the living social or grouping every time we go there ($15 for 2 tix and 1 popcorn), but they already have our business.You who review a place after going to a highly publicized the Hunger Games that you bought with a Groupon are just that...IDIOTS. No one wants to listen to your nitpicking, go to a site Yahoo Local that no one reads so you don't have to make society dumber for listening to your complaining. [SEP]
2	Am I missing something here? I've actually been back to America's. Twice after my first visit, convinced that I had accidentally gone to the America's or perhaps into a nearby taco shop on 7th. Alas, the Yelp photo informs me that I have, in fact, now eaten three times at the America's Taco Shop.I can't emphasize how average and underwhelming the fare here is. See, I'm a burrito man, myself. I don't claim to know Mexican food or it's various subgenres, but I did live in San Diego for three years and I've definitely had what I would call over-the-top, your socks out your a** Mexican food. The same can be said for any number of burritos. America's, I'm to say it, but neither your tacos nor your burritos live up to the that now surrounds you (although, the salsa was really, really good).I'm still on my quest for the Burrito in Maricopa County, I'll let you know when I find it fellow yelpers. [SEP]
2	Food was but my biggest was with the service. We made a reservation and still had to wait an hour. Isn't the whole point of a reservation...so you don't have to wait an hour? One of the three hostess, tried to help at the end of the wait but by then all we waited was to eat/drink. All in all, I my chicken and bbq ribs but would not go back. [SEP]
3	When checking in I was greeted by the General Manager. It was talking to you Michael; I hope to see you at the Westin La Paloma. The Sheraton is for a night stay if you plan on going to the airport. I stayed with my family for one night and caught a shuttle to the airport at 3:30am (Complimentary). so early, but my driver was very friendly. The night auditor was very and was able to give my family a late check-out till 1:30. SO AWESOME! I late check outs, they make your day/morning better. No need to rush. The bathroom is a little small, area is but fully stocked and you get a loofa.My little sister and Mom the pool as well. small patio area to from your room too. If I ever have to fly out of Phoenix or into Phoenix and have to stay over my choice is definitely the Sheraton Phoenix Airport. [SEP]
4	prices and food ... [SEP]
5	My dad and I decided to try Wall because he had heard many reviews about the place and everyone insisted that you had to come try the Sum. Since I was in town visiting, it gave us the to go.I'm to report that the experience was most at Wall and that it lived up to the hype. Upon getting there, we were given a number to wait as the restaurant was completely full, there were probably 150+ people there dining, however, we were seated within 15 minutes. As soon as we sat down, the carts started rolling by with various plates of items to try.The pancake, shu mai, shrimp, duck, and sliced beef inside a wrapper are highly recommended, all were excellent. I did have a bit of taking the shrimp out of the steam container because their rice wrappers were sticking a bit, but that does happen.I would advise that if you have an to shrimp that you make sure to ask the server what is in some of the items because they do come with shrimp, including their egg rolls. Since my dad has a shrimp we did have to watch for that. I did want to try their egg rolls but I would have been the only one eating them, and they were big to make a meal in itself.The sliced duck was one of the I have had at a restaurant, cooked with crispy tasty skin, and not too many bones to get in the way, and very priced at $6.25 for a plate. Most other Sum plates are $2.25 or $3.15 so you can end up eating a lot for a very price.If you Sum and are to wait a few minutes for a table, but you will get service afterward, this really is the place you want to go to. There are still so many more dishes to try as well, but that will be for another trip. [SEP]
5	Carlsbad Tavern is my Mexican restaurant. I the and atmosphere inside and I that they have Hoegaarden on tap.. I've had the machaca burrito and fish tacos here and both dishes were amazing. They serve New Mexico cuisine here. The only difference I noticed is they are big on green chile and use black beans instead of refried beans. I have a lot of friends from New Mexico and they all this restaurant. The food here is and flavorful if you don't live in the neighborhood it's definitely the drive. [SEP]
3	Meh. [SEP]
5	Very food. Definitely a second to P.F. Chang's. [SEP]
5	My wife and i just dined at this restaurant. I am a chef and must say that Chef Chris's concept is one I have not experienced.The food was outstanding, service and the decore was creative,down to the flower pot wine bucket and old wooden crate that it sat on. Our entrees were served on either a bed of sundried ploenta or baby spincach and blackrice. What really intrigued me was the slaw made of shredded green papaya that was part of the appetizer course. Being a chef I had to share a appetizer, that i recently found, using a baby corn shoot! Chef keep up the suberb Cafe Monarch Bravo. [SEP]
5	I am very particular about where I go for sushi. I can name ten places I will not go to, and have to find a place to frequent; until now. I have only been here about 5 times, but every time was a experience. food, staff, prices,and atmosphere. [SEP]
5	My trip was inspired by Adam Richmond's visit and while I couldn't do the 12 slider challenge, I knocked out 5 and was close to taking on a 6th.The GM stopped by to check on us and the waitress was great! Be sure to grab some baked deli treats before heading out. [SEP]
3	A place to watch a game... that it is open that you can keep an eye on the game while you survey your many dining alternatives.I also they let some natural sunlight and keep the place at the same time.Anyway I don't have a reason to give this place one star, or five stars, hence three stars. [SEP]
3	This place isn't all that but there food is OK. There are Chinese options for the price (try Chinese Cultural Center restaurants). The restaurant itself is furnished and but I can't get over the fact that people rave about this place. [SEP]
3	We were here for a weekend during Spring Training and over St. Patrick's Day. location, within walking distance to Scottsdale Rd and also Camelback. beds and also front desk. Here's the only issue: we had a hadicapped room. This I am sure is ADA and that's great, but having an open shower in the bathroom that has slippery tiles can create a safety with slips and considering there is one that isn't elevated. So we had to put down about 5 towels on the floor that were drenched with water when we showered. Next time I'd to stay in a non-handicapped room....Also on weekends, try to extend the breakfast hours past 9:30 please! [SEP]
5	Wine, booze and cigars. And staff. There's not much else that needs to be said. Oh and prices.The selection and prices they offer are great. The aisles are wide and marked. The cigar room has a selection as and the prices are low. [SEP]
4	i cannot give this place 5 stars because i went there today at 3:30 and IT WAS CLOSED. what business closes at 3? REALLY? oh phoenix, you're me.BUT the food (creative, sandwiches and desserts), service, and prices really do deserve 5 stars. The chicken/asparagus/havarti sandwich almost my taste buds with its deliciousness. i went for carry-out at a peak time (about 12:30) and TOTAL, from joining the 6-person line to walking out the door, I probably spent about 15 minutes there. very service=very jenny.i didn't get dessert, but i will be back on a day when i'm feeling either very fit or very depressed. maybe tomorrow, due to my 3 PM CLOSE TIME funk. crimeny. :) [SEP]
5	Any time I have out of town visitors who want real Mexican, I take them here. The chips are fresh, the salsa is divine, and after downing two baskets, you realize you need to eat an entree! I've eaten a off the menu, and nothing has me. The burros are stuffed full, the crisps are mouthwatering and the enchiladas melt in your mouth.The ONLY is the location. Just not a part of town, though they are trying very to it. Go there anyway! Just try lunch time first. [SEP]
2	Save your money and go to Kyoto Bowl. Our waiter gaves us our metal bowls and then coddled my family we're children. They have all the waiters follow us to get in line for the self-service buffet. They stand there if you get out of line, you're bad. Weird...During this time, the waiter goes on and on about their food and what they have. Then when you get to the buffet, the choices are very and the food is so full of fluff you don't get to put much food in. Some of it is meant to be sushi, uncooked, but since you put it in a bowl, it gets cooked with everything else. Oh yeah, and the place is loud. You'll have to sit elbow to elbow to hear your family. The about this place is that you can watch the cooks cook your amount on an open fire oven. That's the thing about this place. They serve it in these lopsided bowls. At this point, the food has really shrunk. The food is tasteless. Anyways, they give you the bill and even though somebody else paid for my bill, I was by the price ~ $10 a bowl. If I had $10, I'd rather go to Taco Bell. [SEP]
4	There are few places that are hole in the wall chains. In fact there really are no hole in the wall chains except Two Hippies and they do it right. Upon entering two hippies you will see all kinds of decor a twister mat on the ceiling, chairs... on the ceiling, etc. Your food options consist of Burgers, Dogs and Tacos, where as your beverage choices consist of regular stuff various sodas to flavored tea and lemonade. The flavored tea and lemonade is AMAZING, the flavor in the flavored teas is so you don't even need to add sweetener, that's impressive. The food is equally as delicious, I had 2 tacos one was fish (not fried, baked tilapia -so and healthier) and green beef, they have a red beef and green both are cooked with different peppers and marinades, The green beef was I'm def. looking forward to trying the red beef as as the cactus taco which is just sounding. Two thumbs up, bring cash though because that's all they take :) [SEP]
1	Okay, did I say bad??WORSE.Negative five stars.From San Diego,1. they made us wait in line for ticketing.2. Made us go check our bags3. Bag agent told us the flight has been 35 min and we have to wait in the special needs line bc we were gonna our connection flight. 4. Booked another flight. Meanwhile got barked at my a brainless, incompetent, mean lady that was a complete b*tch to us.She told us there was plenty of time for our next flight and that we should stand in line (and that flight).5. Got on the runway. Plane circled around for about an hour. didn't take off.6. mechanical problems.7. kept ppl on the plane for another hour.8. kicked everybody off saying we weren't taking off on this plane.9. made everybody wait in a long@$$ line that didn't move while we saw a ticketing agent to rebook our flight (while I held up a DELTA sign made with pen and crayon on my sketchbook)10. hours later after not knowing what to do with us, they placed us in a hotel in downtown SD.11. We were to take an 8 PM flight the next day to LAX and then 2 hr and 45 min layover.12. 11:45 PM plane from LAX to Tokyo.... scheduled 4 AM landing in the far east, you kidding me? 13. THEY MY LUGGAGE. ~~*~*~*~*~*~*~* another incident:LAX to Tokyo: mechanical problemsstayed another hour on the plane.Had them shuttle us to a hotel in the middle of nowhere.Lost luggage on the way there. It out of a bus!Next morning, 8 AM plane to Busan, Korea.Seriously, you expect me to go to on Monday after all this sh*t?!Sorry Delta, I'm so exhausted, and of you.F*CK YOU guys and your and sh*tty customer service too. [SEP]
5	I grew up in Arizona and we went to Wongs every Sunday after church. Three years ago we got stationed in Hawaii. Everytime I come home, our first stop is Wongs. I everything about it. Wongs is my food. [SEP]
1	An mexican restaurant in the area seemed the thing to have happened to me. I planned my visit for a evening, and reviewed the menu again and again. However, upon our arrival I thought twice immediately. The parking was iffy, and the place didn't seem to stand up to the signage. Perhaps the art was not to my liking, honestly not a piece stands out in my memory. We were seated immediately. Our waiter seemed a little off, not to mention the fact that he was and seemed to be moonlighting in the kitchen, where he disappeared for 10-15 minutes at a time. He did not fill our drinks once without being first flagged down (those of you who have experienced the close quarters will understand how this is). Halfway through waiting for our food (which took 45 minutes, easily), the lamp above our table went out. We sat in the for a 5 minutes before they even noticed. Which was actually a change of scenery from the beige walls. When the food finally arrived, we were too (due to having finished an entire bottle of wine) so we left. Unfortunately, we took our grub with us.I had some sort of mixed seafood entree with chorizo and a creamy sauce. It's no coincidence you're taken aback by the combination... it didn't go down too easily. Having dropped 90 dollars on the meal, though, we felt compelled to finish as much as we could stand. Normally I would make sure I got the name of the dish right, but since I am recommending that you not go there, why bother? [SEP]
5	This is the ONLY place my wife and I will buy furniture from, absolutely fantastic!My wife and I spent a part of a month looking for a TV stand for our living room. Everything we came across was and prefabricated. We on Potatoes while on our way home from another local store. The owner was extremely and helpful. We found a couple things we but not the size we needed. The owner told us the pieces we were looking at are locally made and offered to call and see if they could custom make one. Not only did they agree but the price we were given was 200 dollars less than anything else we were looking at. We have since received the piece and could not be happier! [SEP]
5	My brother from San Francisco was in town and missing the sushi from the bay area. I decided I'd let him choose where we'd go out even though I'd never ever heard of this place before. It was definitely in a not-so-glamorous area, tucked on the side of a shopping center (sorry shopping center). When we walked in I was surprised by the atmosphere and set-up. It's definitely small but everyone working there and eating there seemed to be genuinely having a time. We sat at the bar/long table in front of the sushi chefs which was a experience. We started off with sake, and it was darn smooth. We ordered a of different dishes including sea urchin eggs, yellowtail shashimi and the king crab roll. They were even accomodating to make my brother dishes that weren't on the menu. The chefs are so and and the prices are good!My brother was extremely coming from a sushi city. I look forward to coming back and trying more of their extensive menu, especially for hour. [SEP]
5	I Taste Of China. I eat here at least once a week. Their menu is big and the prices are small. Also, they are fast. If order for pick-up, it's in 5 minutes. Should I order delivery, it only takes 10-15 for the food to get to my house. My plates are the crab puffs and the General Tso's chicken. [SEP]
4	this neighborhood froyo joint. The topping selections are and slightly different thatn some other places. They have these yummy little chocolate rocks...kinda candy coated chocolate shaped rocks. They were and tasty. A assortment of topping sauces too...peanut butter, mallow, strawberry. This place gets packed but they do have a amount of seating both inside and out. [SEP]
5	Have been there several times. I'm quite about where I eat and quick to condemn, so my continued custom says it all. [SEP]
1	You'll feel you stepped in a time machine and landed in 1987. The decor hasn't been updated in at least 20 years. Looks it's apart. The TVs are mostly 80s style TVs as well, although there are a couple flat screens as well. This is where the out, of all colors. The pizza was (which I like) but also chewy (which was gross). The wings were drowned so much in sauce you couldn't find them. Might as get a glass of honey bbq sauce and drink it straight. Service was interesting. The guy that there was wearing capri pants and had a higher voice than my girlfriend. The price wasn't bad- I think it was $22 for a large pizza, wings and 2 sodas. I'd rather pay a little bit more and just go to Upper Crust pIzza down the street. [SEP]
5	First, I'm this review is lengthy, but i really want people to understand how far a little can go. I entered Mimi's Cafe at the end of possibly day ever. I came in looking to order food for takeout and get home to drown my sorrows in food. i was directed by the hostess up front to go stand by the bakery and i would be able to order take out. i waited not 15 seconds and was greeted with a huge from a girl named Danielle. She gave me a menu and told me to ask if i had questions and inquired if i had been there before. i looked at the menu for some time, to my mind to decide. She told me i was to take a seat, and when i apologized for taking so long she responded with a smiley where's the fire? take your time, can i get you a glass of wine while you decide? wine was a idea! I finally ordered and sat drinking my wine. i waited, and then waited a little longer, Danielle the young girl doing take out informed me the kitchen was working as as they could but are very busy, she apologized for the wait and offered bread and convinced me to buy a a second glass of wine. When she brought me the second glass i had just gotten off the phone and was visibly shaken with more news. Somehow this young girl had the to ask if everything was alright and what she could do to help. It was just the olive branch i needed. Just the inquiry was to make me feel better. i told her i was and thanked her for her compassion. finally my food was ready. She boxed everything with care for the drive home. All this time smiling. i couldn't help but notice Danielle interact with the other employees they always laughed or high fived her with each exchange. She had brightened my day, and it was she is a light for others in Mimi's Cafe. This is the kicker...my bill was $30 and some change...i gave her what i thought was two $20 dollar bills, but in reality was a $50 and a $20. The young girl ran outside and stopped me saying sir, I'm not sure these bills are right. i was by her and told her no, i thought they were two 20's but the difference would be her for honesty. The food was tasty and just what i needed. Mimi's Cafe is a place the wait for food or a table, and if Mimi's Cafe reads these reviews know that you have a superstar in Danielle. [SEP]
4	I am just providing a review for the Mother and Infant Care Department only, since my wife has just had our second baby delivered here.We really our stay at this hospital. The facility is very and nice. Room are size with shower box inside bathroom, so you can take shower during your stay and care for the mom. During the stay, Mom and the caregiver are entitle to have breakfast, lunch, and dinner for free. All you have to do is call and place your orders. The foods are quite quality and the portions are decent. I am really with this.The nurses are all knowledgeable, caring, and nice. They are always there when you call them and need them. Since this is our second child, it out that the nurses only come by when we call them or when they do their routine checks. So, the rest of the time you are left alone to rest. The hospital where my first child was born was different. They let lots of interns and students come to our rooms all the times for training, so we were constantly bothered. However in my opinion, if it is your first child, you may find that having people around all the time could help you not to too much (since we all know nothing when the first child come).The reason I didn't give this hospital 5 star is just because our discharge was taking so long. We thought we would be out by 11 AM, but we didn't get out until 3 PM... They said that because it was on Sunday. I think it make sense.Overall, I do this hospital for any new mother. [SEP]
3	Threw a friend's baby shower here and it went smoothly. We made reservations in advance, and it was a small party. I'm not a huge fan of their food but it's always busy so other people don't have my same opinion. The three stars is for the service, they were and everything was taken care of for our party. I just don't think the cheesecake is that great, I'm sorry! But the apps aren't too bad. [SEP]
5	This is quite literally the burger I have ever eaten. The rocket bacon cheeseburger with 3 patties of meat on a 10 in. sesame sub roll and is nothing short of amazing. It could easily be shared. The cheese fries and onion rings are homemade. We the casual environment and the huge selection of glass bottled soda. To it off the prices are amazing! This is our first time here but we are hooked. We would to see this place on Diners, Drive-In's and Dives, DDDinfo@mac.com, so if you it here, nominate it! [SEP]
5	A real gem! [SEP]
4	Just had an early dinner with the kids tonight (kids eat from 3-6pm btw). I had the prime rib and my wife had the fish special, kids had the mac and cheese. All were meals. The reason to go here is to sit on the patio, it's fantastic! Not that at 5:30pm I had to valet, when I'm with the family, I'd just rather park and walk (needed to walk off the prime rib and wine anyways!). This place is not cheap, and with $18 glasses of wine, there is no hour at the restaurant! [SEP]
2	While I give the management props for our gift certificate, even though our total rang up below the minimum price, the food was teh ick. I got the fish tacos. I understand the urge to make them unique, and different from the thousands of varieties of fish tacos in the Valley. But this attempt was a huge miss. The tilapia tasted muddy, even for tilapia. It was served with a really sweet, sticky, almost BBQ-style sauce. I was alternately that it was so cloying that it almost covered the icky river flavor of the tilapia, and at this pairing. The avocados also had a funny, chemical flavor to them. Double-yuck. [SEP]
4	There's a special little place in my heart designated specifically for JoBot, so I'm to be the 100th person to get to sing the praises of this little coffee shop/creperie/hole-in-the-wall bundle of amazing-ness.I came across JoBot by accident about a year ago while looking for a late night wi-fi spot to do some studying. It fit the bill perfectly, minus the fact that it was extremely to concentrate with the music coming from the Leaf, the conversations that I couldn't help from overhearing, and the endless amount of scrumptious plates that kept parading past me. That said, I've made several study trips to JoBot since. While I may not be as as I would be at some of those little coffee shops where everyone has their nose in a book or a laptop, I find that I always walk away a very camper, every time. Their crepes/tacos are delicious. All of them. Sometimes I feel as though the crepes are slightly undercooked, but once I dig inside to discover the flavors that within, I tend to forget all about that. The root beer pork remains one of my faves followed by a strawberry/banana concoction for dessert. Yum, yum, yum.Go here if you want coffee (the bumble bee is tasty), eats, conversation, atmosphere, prices, entertainment, and wi-fi at any and all hours (they don't seem to close on weekends). And if you're really feeling frisky head down a house or two for some NachoBot. Gosh I this place. [SEP]
4	food! waiting staff, and the drink I ordered was very and had the amount of liquor. I will be coming back to this place for sure! [SEP]
4	The workers here are and nice. Especially the chubby Mexican man! He was and popped up in the veggie aisle and then bagged our groceries too. Somehow we also got a 10% discount on our groceries (we didn't have a discount card or anything since we are out of towners). Even though this place most Chinese supermarkets, I would definitely come back if I needed something. [SEP]
1	Unprofessional, disorganized, and extremely low end care. [SEP]
1	Should be called The Egg. Bottom line, the hotel's breakfast tasted than this and we got service there. We arrived around 945am on a Sunday morning and had to wait around seven minutes to be seated. The staff was enough. We were seated, given menus with water and she took our order for coffee and the breakfast special (loaded potato skillet). We sat for 15 minutes before we saw our waitress again. She finally figured out she forgot to bring our coffee. We finally got some coffee which was in flavor. Our food arrived about ten minutes after that. The skillet was supposed to contain sausage, bacon, onion, eggs, grilled american potatoes covered with cheese and cream. Mine had no bacon, two tiny chunks of sausage, no cheese, and the potatoes were so soggy, they tasted someone had thawed them and thrown them in as an afterthought. It was so unpalatable i could not eat more than one bite, even after loading it up with salt and sauce. The waitress never checked on us once during the meal. She came back by the time my husband was finished. I told her the meal was (in a way). She offered me something else. By that point, I was not feeling eating anything else, I felt kinda sick. My meal was comped and we did get an apology. The manager explained that everyone that special and the potatoes are and grilled. The cook obviously didn't try my potatoes. Blech. Even with the comp, the total was over $15 for one special and two coffees. Very hight priced for food, service, and loud/uninspiring atmosphere. [SEP]
5	We went on a Friday night and even though it is off season here, the place was packed. Never the less, the service was as always. This is our third trip here and we have never been disappointed. I had the 14 Oz. NY strip and my wife had the prime rib. Both were cooked to and ever so wonderfully! My wife tells me the horseradish is the real deal and not the runny stuff you get elsewhere...can't as I the stuff. From the bread to the desert, every bite was taking. The old time ambiance with the wood and red leather? booths are welcoming. It's and if you can the geek with khakis, no socks and deck shoes ever so gently cradling his wine...(you KNOW the guy and he is everywhere) in the middle of a Phoenix summer, it is every single cent. [SEP]
2	The service was great, but all the other Fox concepts you pay too much for mediocrity. The short rib was good. The ribs were and the chicken pasta was bland. There are just so many options in the area... What a disappointment. But I should have known better. [SEP]
1	So, not following my own advice (ahem, NEVER RETURN), I returned here for a friend's birthday dinner a few months ago (I this person so how could I say no?). HA! Big mistake. Also, warning: there are several-a-CAPS-LOCK ahead.The only thing about the evening was the reservation and seating were on time for our large group (15 people). And of course because we were celebrating a special person.I'll keep this update short and sweet:$3 for a CAN OF SODA? Get real. I knew it'd be but I was at least expecting a mini bottle or something. But a can? COME ON. You bought that in bulk and paid .03342 cents for it. FAIL.Your servers: IDIOTS. First it takes our server 15 minutes to come around the first time and take drink orders. Then she's back another 15 minutes after that taking the orders again. Did you forget? Were you not paying attention the first time we around? Why did it take 30 minutes just to order drinks? And on of that we wait another 15 to receive them. FORTY-FIVE MINUTES TO RECEIVE DRINKS IS BAD. Very, very bad. Also, not taking food orders until after we've been seated for ONE HOUR is BAD. VERY, VERY BAD. Seated at 8 o'clock, we didn't receive our food until almost TEN O'CLOCK. TWO HOURS FOR FOOD IS VERY, VERY BAD. Do you hear that, St. Francis? BAD.Because I loathed the place even before this birthday dinner, and because the thought of such an establishment makes my blood boil, I ordered only dessert and the hubs ordered an appetizer (and add on a $3 can soda). Funny, that our bill was still nearly $30 for the both of us. Excluding tip. BAD.Also, server: If you say you're not going to a check, stick to your word or don't even try. Now, I'M you didn't stick to your I don't checks, because I could foresee the of trying to a $700 bill with 13 people I didn't know so well. for us, when we told you we were leaving early and asked for our check, you it for us. A couple others caught on and did the same, but the remaining 7-8 people were not so lucky. Because I realize my short and is not so short anymore (or sweet, for that matter), I'm ending it here. NOTE TO SELF: heed own advice and stay away from St. Francis! [SEP]
4	prices, service, snacks (like every other theater) and seats! I do this AMC very much though when I have to come here versus the Harkins on Northern.The one MAJOR and this is a BIG is that if you go on the day of a Cardinals home game, EVERYONE and I do mean EVERYONE has to pay $10 to park in the parking lots at Westgate. The parking attendants will give you a ticket to take inside and AMC has a person there to give you back the $10 but the fact that you have to pay it to begin with sucks. What if I didn't have cash on me? This by no means is AMC's fault. I it's the City of Glendale's or the Cardinal's way to soak people but at least you do get the money back if you are paying attention. [SEP]
4	On my second week receiving a small mixed box for Nature's Garden and it! It is more than for my fiance and I. It is the way to get fresh, organic, and local produce, especially since it is delivered to my door. It helps learn what is in season and how to make new recipes! [SEP]
5	SOOOOOOOOO MUCH FUN! The 3 of us went to Farm for their tour last Saturday. No, we didn't have any kids with us but we may have had a time than most of the kids.The beginning is a bit dry. You're in the classroom for a while learning about random facts related to diary cows. Moo. After that, it's a hay ride. Girls, let me give you one tip - Make sure you wear long pants or shorts that are long. Hay is very under your butt if there isn't padding. Anyway, the hay ride was but the part had yet to come.Once the hayride was over, the tour was officially over. But everyone around to check out the petting zoo. The animals were all so and we got to feed them as well. There was a hodgepodge of creatures from a young cow to sheep to rabbits and even a turkey. Yum...just kidding.In addition, there's a black lab on the premise that was amazing. This dog would make an soccer player. His reaction time is - any team would be to have him as a goalie.After the animal bonding, we went to try flavored milk. Mine was butterscotch flavored and it was just ok. I was that the milk wasn't from the farm but I guess it's not legal to serve unprocessed milk. Since we had a Groupon, we also had a chance to try Udder Delights ice cream. At $2.50 each, I would never pay for them individually. But seeing that it was included in my deal, we them a lot.Don't be embarrassed if you don't have kids. me, adults can Farm too. [SEP]
4	delicious! def got the sandwich Adam on Man vs Food got! i think it's called Del Reys! it was sooooooooo and the sandwich was huge, the price was great! however, there was a long wait, so I'd say be for their services!! [SEP]
5	I going to this store whether its for just for the latest copy of guitar world, some strings, or a new guitar, the guy johnny is my main man lol he always gives me deals and generally makes me and any one else i take there feel we are the only customers, (in a way!) every one remembers you and asks you how your day is going mom and pop feel. [SEP]
4	Delicious. With me, i'm all about frosting. And Sprinkles delivers! Big, thick layer of frosting on every cupcake. I recently had the Mocha, choc cupcake with mocha frosting. Wow... It was so i had to take a of about 5 min before i could finish it. I'm a big fan of the vanilla and banana. You just can't go with cream cheese frosting, right? OH! And the thing of all... You can get a shot of frosting! Yep... A 1oz dixie cup piled high with a flavor of your choice for 75cents. I usually eat my frosting shot in the store while waiting for my cupcake order. ;-) It's pricey, but its not an everyday thing... Its a treat and a one! [SEP]
5	95 reviews? Guess there's nothing I can say about this that hasn't been said. We ordered the cheese pizza which is a really but tasting Margarita pizza sooo good. We also had the vodka penne with big pieces of rendered bacon, tomatoes and basil. The vodka sauce was creamy and very well. They included a ton of grilled french bread and cutlery because they knew I was staying at a hotel. They were really and very at getting all that food for us. It says on their website and on the yelp search engine that Pizza A Metro delivers but they don't. Not a big deal though the food is totally going to get yourself. [SEP]
5	this place. Tasty with prices... who can beat that? My newest thing is to order a gyro-to-go and it at home. I'm a mom now so eating at a restaurant is a lot harder than it used to be. hahaSee ya there! [SEP]
5	When I get the urge to eat out, I'm normally drawn to more laid back restaurants where I can sit back, chat, and my meal. With a relaxing atmosphere and menu (Chicken & Waffles, and S'mores for dessert), I definitely this place. My first time here was for a Yelp event so I was able to try just about everything. My favorites would have to be the mac & cheese and the beef brisket--both delicious! I'd say they've got their BBQ technique mastered, at least where the brisket is concerned. And the cornbread is probably the I've had--so they handed out the recipe at the event. The service was great; everyone was and very helpful. I was with everything here and definitely would come back--and probably leave with tasty leftovers! [SEP]
5	The place did not disappoint. The moment we stepped through the archway, my friends and I were bedazzled by the ambience throughout the area. It really DOES feel a tavern, almost something out of Pirates of the Caribbean (Well.. kind of)But yeah, the portions were overwhelming, and of all? The food was spectacular. I sat outside, but honestly? I think the place is both ways, so don't be too on the location :)Jus go. [SEP]
4	Yea, I was the asshole wearing a Jeremy Lin jersey to the Cub's Home Opener for spring training. I took some heat, but I came out alive in the end.Hohokam seats about 12k and has a lawn you can relax on ($9GA). I soon found out this is where most of the lushes (including myself) to spend their afternoon. The ball park is nice, and as well. The staff inside the team store were very as were the bartenders. I even met 2 older ladies from WI and Chicago, selling me beer. they were dolls! That was they got to together, as they were here for the season (I wanna do that when I get older!).There were a lot of options on food, being served by Ovations (the catering powerhouse behind the new Delta Menus), and had some taste, and I am sure will be even as the month progresses.Parking is $7, and much wherever you can find a spot. It was because it was a grass lot, and not dirt.A place to check out if you are a Cubs fan or just baseball in general! [SEP]
4	Ate there for the first time last night and the food was fantastic. They did a job on the remodel, so it's a lot more open than it was before. They have an extensive wine list and the service was wonderful. We will definitely go back! [SEP]
2	Not exactly what I would call a place to eat. If you want to take your teenager out for a or ice cream you may it :) [SEP]
4	Being too to out a good, if not ugly, bathroom top, I decided to look for ways to upon the cultured marble 80's look that was going on. After talking with my co-worker and fellow-Yelp-er, Robert, I decided to go the refinish route instead of it out and put in new. After checking the internet I came across a company called Method. If you get a chance and you're thinking of having your bathtub, tile, or kitchen countertop replaced, check out this company first!I did get an estimate on ripping out the tile around my tub and having a new floor installed, but that would have still left me with a no so looking tub and an vanity. Oh, and the estimate I received from the other place didn't provide tile so after all was said and done, I wouldn't be saving anything. So I bit the bullet and decided to spend the $1,600.So the job was started at 8:30a.m. on Tuesday by Shawn. A very young man who obviously what he's doing. (Sometimes to find in folks these days!) Tuesday involved cleaning, prepping and spraying the tub. Wednesday the tub was finished off then the tile and were prepped and sprayed. Time on Thursday was spent applying several layers of sealant to the tile area and top. Friday was a quick visit. Shawn cleaned everything up and returned it to a much than original version of a bath. I'm very about the final results and I'm seriously considering having my main bathroom redone as well. Again, if you're thinking about making changes to your bath or kitchen, check out Method as a possible solution to your problem! I'm a fan! [SEP]
4	Park! As metropolitan areas go, Phoenix maintains a higher sense of civic duty than most towns, and that is reflected in its parks systems. White ranks in my TEN list easily above #5. It is HUGE. It is DIVERSE. It has EDUCATIONAL FACILITIES. Bathrooms are CLEAN. And they have LOTS of EVENTS!Check out the calendar of events at their web page!http://www.maricopa.gov/parks/white_tank/ [SEP]
3	If you are going out for beer than Papago Brewing in the same strip mall is a much choice. But if you are looking for a true bar with liquor and beer than the British Open certainly qualifies. Not a huge fan of the food with the exception of the pickles. Typical pub fare. Darts and pool tables and a juke box. Service is usually every time I've been in there. Very and very much a neighborhood bar. [SEP]
4	It was one of those nights and we wanted something quick to eat. The place was surprisingly busy. It's off of Shea Blvd. I don't order their noodles because the last time I had them, they were over cooked. The food came out and we shared our plates. I ended up taking the leftovers home and had another meal the following day. [SEP]
4	, stopped 2 x before and the wait was to long . Made reservations for 5 this time.;).. Friends had recommened and raved about Becketts and had this on the short list for awhile. It was everything as advertised, ambiance very casual , Food, service ( Adria was very and made ) and prices . the Osso Bucco pork but not a meal by the group . Sunday is AZ winery special which is a touch , must try the Pimms cup cocktail excellent! Can't wait to go back!,!, [SEP]
2	Lots of people to help but too busy talking to each other...so, I left... [SEP]
5	They get 5 stars for the only thing I have ever had there. Every single time I have to get the Pizza Nortena. It is out of this world. It is meant to be an appetizer but we get it to go and have it for dinner. [SEP]
3	I the layout of this outdoor bar. However, the price of drinks here and the of options is a huge turn off. It's also going to be to see if people are into the idea of an outdoor dance club once summer comes back around. The view is awesome. I'm always up for independent downtown businesses, this place just needs to make some changes to make me want to come back. [SEP]
5	This dude claims he souls for a living and is the photographer. In the world. Ever. http://www.flickr.com/people/tysoncrosbie/I promise--there is nothing at all vain, hacky, narcissistic, or arrogant, whatsosever, about Tyson Crosby or his work.Phoenix should consider itself to be home to such a over-talented, artistic genius. Big art cities NYC, Chicago and LA would never be able to fully the photographic of the one, the only, the photographer in the world-Tyson Crosby.Humble, and unpretentious as he may be, I can't argue with him. The time I saw a Tyson Crosbie image, I j!zzed in my pants. Really, his is that good. For real. No joke. I'm serious. Totally serious. I his so much, I want to marry a Tyson Crosby print.Where is the button for 5 million stars?!!! [SEP]
5	Vegetarian/Vegan south Indian buffet! conscience! What more could a girl want? I am in with the dosas. I always wish I had a larger tummy to accommodate all the food. Udupi is proof that being vegan/vegetarian can be tasty and cruelty-free. ambiance, no decorations. [SEP]
4	Disclaimer, I was raised in New Orleans, and Boys, Crawfish, Boiled shrimp, Jambalaya etc.... yadda yadda yadda, hear me whine... I try to be lenient when I go somplace because it's to expect to find the food here that I would at the Magazine St. Po Boy shop. I was also raised on popeyes, every once in awhile I would hop off the Streetcar on the way to school and get a Chicken Biscuit w/cheese. And frequrntly I would get a 4 piece spicy, and even though it was a chain, it was a local chain with massive quality control. (and yes, odds are those years are most likely why over the past 3 years I've 250 pounds!.... Moderation kids!)Over the years, the chain was sold off, the original owner died, and Popeye's became more hit and miss, especially the further you got away from the south.Heck, you get your hopes up just to see a Popeye's!usually the stand alone's are better, and the ones attached to Gas stations are hideous. I've tried a few in the Phoenix area, And have been generally unimpressed. Not horrible, but just... a very thin flavorless crust.So it was with trepedation that I went into this location, a drive through, attatched to a gas station.I went for a box of chichen w/biscuits. and I can say it was the I've had in the city so far.The man at the window was friendly, the chicken was fresh, good, breading. With heat to give a depth of flavor, cutting a bit deeper than other chains would dare... which is what Popyes is all about. (I'm used to some blazing chicken... not mind you, just HOT.. this is not that, but a flavor. With moist flesh, and thick crunchy skin. And the meal made the travel home well.One downside? I'm just not a fan of these biscuits, they werent old... but they were dry... and the lush, buttery flavor and texture that I love. These were more and hockypuckish than I prefer.If your craving some Popeye's chicken... well, lets put it this way,,, I'll be driving 20 minutes out of my way to go here.This is my first time... so Your Milage May Vary.. Sidenote, I'n no Church's Chicken fan, but I went to the one on Arizona Avenue... and I've got to say, thats some spicy chicken! And cheap! And a big box of okra makes The Bride very indeed! [SEP]
3	The very definition of an average brunch. My omelet was decent, and it's that they let you choose a bunch of ingredients if you want to. However the breakfast potatoes are extremely weak, and underseasoned and are probably not hand cut and prepared. They are mixed with an uninspiring blend of green peppers. The rest of my table seemed to feel about as as I did about their breakfast burritos.The service was also slow. Despite the patio and eye candy among the patronage here, this place is definitely one you can skip. [SEP]
3	Went to this place for the first time the other night.. Biggest plus for the place is that it has its own parking with some one checking to make sure you are there for the restaurant, the one thing I about downtown is parking. On to the food, a basic dinner of Pork rice, chicken chow mien, and Kung Pao chicken... It was okay. The Pork rice was basic and the chow mien was too slimy. The Kung Pao chicken was alright, kind of in its of sauce but the veggies and almonds that came where good. much, this place is for quick and food.The staff was and kind and the restaurant had a downtown vibe to it with a random birdcage in the middle. Overall I would try it again, but will try something different on the menu. [SEP]
3	Another place that's walking distance. Subway is one of those places where you can't go wrong....you got 5-dollar value meals or foot longs. The guys are really and aren't with the toppings. I'm not a big fan of the subway's have though. Eh anyways its just one of those places where im and don't want to make a sandwich...plus it helps me keep my girlish figure jared :) [SEP]
5	Wood fired pizzas, scrumptious pasta dishes and bacon wrapped shrimp. How can you go with a place that wraps things in bacon. C'mon, even veggies admit that things wrapped in bacon are good! Has a smokey atmosphere and a slight bar crowd but the food is outstanding. [SEP]
1	I give this location no love. We went to this one rather than the one uptown on a Saturday night with a voucher from another location from a sushi upchuck experience. Going late at night with a mostly empty restaurant, we still ended up waiting 10 minutes to be sat, then SHOVED and I mean shoved in next to the only other table in the place - the hostess snickered at me when I asked to move a single table down (really of hostesses in Scottsdale by the way - your job is not that so shut up and color for christs sake) Our waitress took another 10 minutes just to greet us, sushi took forever, and if you can believe it the hadnt even begun yet. When paying the bill, we present the voucher to the waitress, who says she cant take it. The manager came over with a look, basically trying to call it bull shyt and continued to give us the 5th degree about it for the next few minutes - certainly NOT appreciated. She takes it to the point where she calls the other location where we got it (taking ANOTHER 10 minutes) and finally gives us our bill back - only taking off our 2 rolls and 2 nigiri. This created one pissed off yelper instantaneously.Don't with this location - you could find shrapnel in your soup and they still wouldnt give a damn. And for the sake of all that is - STOP WITH THE I'M-TOO-SEXY-FOR-MYSELF SCENE! YOU'RE NOT THAT COOL! [SEP]
3	this Stone if only for the fact that around the time you would be leaving dinner in one of the close restaurants, the strip mall this location is in is basically shut down. We didn't have any wait whatsoever. [SEP]
3	Seriously the 3am quesadilla I have ever had. It was big and gooey, with just browning on the outside of the tortilla to make it a little bit crisp. As an added it was kind of outside, so it made a hand as well. Why only 3 stars? OK, you do have to sit on some outside picnic tables and I don't want to think about how the kitchen may or may not be, but the entertainment value of watching tipsy people around while waiting for their food can't be beat. [SEP]
5	Dr Norton and his staff are and professional. They have made my 3 children feel and comfortable. I highly this office. [SEP]
4	Very food. The tepanyaki was great!It does have a certain atmosphere though. Remember to dress appropriately. It can also be a bit pricey. [SEP]
5	This speakeasy was kickass. The staff is down to earth and the menu is great. The drive thru is an touch. I got the Turkey Club and it was reallllllly good. We received 2 samples of a and smoothie and had some conversation with the guys behind the counter. It gets a little if they're makin shakes in there, and the seating is limited. I wish they were open later but so far I'm it! [SEP]
4	Part 2 of the business trip. Dinner with the sales team.We always have when out on the road and this was no exception. The need for sushi is somtimes primal. This was one of those nights. Starting off with hour prices that were we easily knocked down three bottles of Sake while deciding what treats to order.We ordered a tableful of sushi- alot of and had a time. The one was that the sushi just didn't have spice. Not nearly heat. The staff was and very helpful. I would Ra. The atmosphere alone- music and staff is a reason to go. [SEP]
3	I have been to this location several times because again, around the corner from my salon. I so want to be able to give it a higher rating but every time I go the service is really not that great. Last week I went for wing and Wii night, 30 cent wings cant be beat. I have had wings, but hey this is a Mexican joint and our bill was not even $4! But our waitress looked she could care less about being there, never asked if we wanted a refill on our chips and salsa and never stopped by the table to see if we our food. Now being in the service industry and having spent many years as a server I get that you think since the bill is so low your tip is going to suck. That simply doesn't have to be the case, we left our server a $6 tip and we weren't even there long. You get 4 tables that an hour you are set, so perk up and smile, you never know how far that can go. I went there last night for Taco Tuesdays, $1 to $2 tacos can't be beat and the tacos are so tasty I always order 3, the mahi, crunchy fish and steak. The mahi was and sweet, the crunchy taco had a taste to it with the sauce and red onion. Not at all. The steak was and flavorful. Again though our service was sub par. We had already finished our chips and salsa before we even got our water, took way to long, same with the food and it wasn't even that busy. We were sitting inside and there were only 20 people in the bar area and there was only one other table eating. Now our server wrote our order on her had, she seemed and frazzled, and we had to bring our bill to her at the end to check out, we waited a while before doing that. It seemed she might have been the only server in the place, but she did have the help of a gentleman by the name of Frenchy. I Frenchy, big dude but with dry wit and he seemed the jack of all trades for the place. Doorman, food runner, busser, you name it he was doing it. I will continue to come to Loco because the tacos are so but I just hope they figure out the staff issues. I gave it 4 times and every time my is the same, the service needs to step it up. [SEP]
3	I the heat. HATE. Yet I am to reside in this heat haven so when my friend raved about a place where you can sit outside in Arizona and not feel the heat I had to check it out. By the time I ventured downtown to glance at this place Phoenix was experiencing a down so the patio was very without the and misters. Our waitress was and even chatted about our night and my bar, SideBar. We got the L.B. lavosh and I okayed the bacon even though it didn't sound too appetizing. It wasn't. I ordered some chicken sandwich that was on a french roll. The salad on the side was than the sandwich. My friend ordered the turkey which was large but average. BUT I think ordering the sandwich was a of its own. The fries that came with the turkey were and when I ordered a amber ale and some guy brought a ale. I ale so it wasn't too but it made me yearn for the amber. Yes, or course I ordered the amber next.The waitress told us that the island bar was opening the next day but there were still ladders and paint cans around. I to notice until my friend mentioned it. The only really thing about this place is that it is in a historic building with bathrooms. Other than that I would skip it. [SEP]
1	Qver-priced, food. Never met a cheeseburger I didn't like-- until now, (NOT a 1/2 lb.). Small portions of tired, room temperature fry-pieces, burnt bacon, chicken tenders so hard, they couldn't be penetrated with a fork. service; didn't bring kids meal cookie. of $$$! [SEP]
1	What was Dunkin Donuts thinking when they took out the selection of donuts and now only offer a choice of 10. It used to be you couldn't decide which one to get, now you just have to settle for what they have. This new and Dunkin Donuts is the worst. I will return for coffee when I get the urge...but never for a donut!! Oh and another thing...my Dunkin Donuts used to have Baskin Robbins inside...that is gone too...again WHAT WERE THEY THINKING! [SEP]
4	I was only here for one night on 9/7, but I was very with my stay. The place is beautiful, the rooms are big, and the people at the front desk were and efficient.The only down side to my stay was that I water pressure in the shower Friday night. Fortunately, it was only brief. Other than that, I my stay. This will be my base of operations for my next visit.As for others' comments that there isn't anything nearby - That's what cars are for. Last I heard you can rent them here and there. [SEP]
5	the food here. Been here a few times and got the peanut curry twice and been delish. Thai iced tea was as well. Only been there during lunch and everything seems so far. Went with coworkers and family and they all it too. Service was fast, and nice. Will be back again to try other dishes. [SEP]
5	Unique selection of antiques, linen and assorted pictures and estate jewlery along with new timeless designs. Located in downtown Gilbert the trip! [SEP]
2	They get 2 stars, for the pickles. So I'm from Jersey and was very to see all the NYC/Jersey stuff in this place. The walls were covered in things from my state so I figured they know a thing or two about real NYC pastrami. I was very wrong!This had to be the pastrami I have ever had! What's with the places in this area advertising themselves as either being a NY style deli or NY style pizza? I mean, I know we're the most people in the country and our food is the best, but don't say you're us unless you really are! Maybe if you've never had the real thing, you think this is quality? This giant donkey balls and I'm I ever tried it!Really, instead of spending all that time trying to make your place look Jersey and NYC, spend that time practicing making food. That, not decor, gets you reviews! If you're from the East coast and looking for NYC food, avoid this place. They also claim their bagels are just NY...yea, I won't be trying those! [SEP]
5	Honestly the part of this place is the deal you can get on pet related products. Because they are one of the primary income sources for HALO Animal Rescue, people that have pets, tend to make donations. You can almost always find pet carriers for under $10. They have dog crates for training and you don't have to shell out a for them. They have fish that will allow you to let little Johnny get his feet wet in the world of pet care and the associated responsibilities without the bank. If you are a person that shares your life with animals, you understand the rarity of these kinds of deals!Yes they have clothes, furniture, tchatchkies, etc., but the real deals are on the pet products.As a side note, HALO recently leased the MCCAC location at 5231 North 35th Avenue (It was the previous Maricopa County run cat adoption center). So if you are looking for a companion (cat or dog), check them out and one of the growing no-kill efforts in the US.http://www.halorescue.org/index.html [SEP]
5	My wife and I went to Harris Dental for a few years when we lived in Scottsdale. We moved out of town in 2009 but we have never forgotten the dental care that we received from Dr. Joe Harris (who had come highly from our Austin, TX dentist as a person who keeps up wth dental research). Nor have we forgotten the and uniformly staff. So it wasn't really too surprising that we received a call from Harris Dental a few days ago - more than three years after we moved away - asking for permission to archive our dental x-rays and asking where they might send funds from a credit to our account. Who does that? [SEP]
4	mmmm, Canadian food!We're huge Keg fans, and when we moved from Canada to Tempe earlier this month we had to take the kids to the Keg. I how they are with the quality of service and the extras for the kids. The service is a little compared to most Canadian Kegs I've been to, simply because the staff seemed so much younger and less professional, but it was still really good. The food quality was excellent, but the portions are very Canadian (read: smaller than US portions) while the prices are still what you would expect from Vancouver yet in an area where the cost of living is about 1/3rd. For the money, I'd probably rather hit Ruths Chris..minus the kids :) [SEP]
1	We bought or second Jura Compressa coffee machine from Sur La Table. It was an model priced over $3K. After 2.5 short months it stopped working. The only option they offered was to send it in for repair. When I asked to have it replaced I was told the turn around was 48 hours. Its actually 4 -5 weeks when all is said and done. I high priced item and thats the kind of customer service. Not to mention an product that cant make it 90 days. Extremely customer service on this one. [SEP]
4	Whenever I go here, it is packed - and for a reason, the yogurt they offer is - and they have a of flavors and toppings. I the self-serve concept, but be careful not to fill up your cup too much - it's a bit and they charge in weight. (They only offer a one size cup that is huge - so if you fill it up with toppings you're likely to spend close to $10 for a cup of yogurt!) [SEP]
2	This place is way under seasoned. The beans were ok. I that they use store bought tortillas. I don't plan on returning. There are places near downtown Chandler. [SEP]
4	This place is so busy - it is most definitely not a hidden gem, although it sits back in the neighborhood. The food and coffee are - but most of all, I that I can walk my dog here to get coffee and the newspaper on the weekend. I wish that there were more places that allowed pets outside. The parking can be a and the ordering and picking up of food can be chaotic. But, once you get settled - this is a place to visit. [SEP]
5	I'm completely by The Mission and I can't wait to go back and try more of their food. My husband and I chose The Mission for our 8th Anniversary dinner and had a time - the staff is and very & welcoming. Yelp steered us in the direction as per usual, so we the cheese plate with manchego to start, the pork shoulder tacos for dinner and a pumpkin bread pudding for dessert. Everything was prepared and delicious. The bread pudding was EASILY the I've ever had. We usually don't order desserts and I'm we did, because I can't stop thinking about how this was. My husband had an Avocado Margarita and an Estrella beer (Awesome that they have this - and it was even served in an Estrella glass - impressive). Since I'm pregnant, I asked if the bartender could make me a virgin version of their Sophia Loren with strawberries & mint - score! It was and I'll certainly be back to try it with the amount of booze :) Lastly, how is that Himalayan Salt Brick wall???? I NEED this in my house! [SEP]
5	a G Spot is a myth. and Dr Graffenberg was a scientist.So its no surprise that I couldn't find the Gelato Spot either. Shannon spouts, I gelato so much, I would bathe in it. Hmmm, that's interestingI drove in and around the road... and went up and down Scottsdale ... explored the box... looked south of the landing strip at Scottsdale Airpark... manually googled it... orally asked the passerbysRoad several times and I couldn't find it ANYWHEREMaybe I need to do more research. Perhaps some field research...Or a targeted focus group*** UPDATE ***Its on Shea Blvd?? No I couldn't find it-I was looking down the road*** UPDATE ***Thanks Jake P for Yeah it is on Shea, in the strip mall area east of scottsdale rd near the Harkins Theater and Pita Jungle and such.... BUT the point of this review was sarcasm. i.e. g- spot is to find*** UPDATE ***Now I have a girl, Shannon W, telling me where g-spot is. She writes, It's on 74th St. and Shea, in between Coffee Plantation and Pita Jungle.Shannon W: The point of this review was sarcasm. i.e. g-spots are to find [SEP]
5	THis place is great! I need an adjustment every now and then but I live in Scottsdale and my regular Chiropractor is so that he is always booked up ahead of time, so if I tweek my back I can't get in soon quite often. So.. now I have a place to go seven days a week that is every bit as as my normal Chiro. I have only gone to the weekend chiro but my wife and one of my employees have seen Dr. Brian and they him. So if you need a Chiro... go see these guys any day of the week. Try em you'll em! [SEP]
4	I went to Tuck last night because of the reviews on here, and I it. It really is tucked away and all the better. It feels even more special. We had the panini bites, dates stuffed with chorizo, and the citrus brined chicken with white cheddar waffles. Not your food here. Everything was and I can't wait to go back and try more. [SEP]
3	I noticed the sign for Shakey Jake's before it even opened. I waited paitiently for it to wait... I barbeque! :) When it finally opened, my mom and I tried to get some grub there when we walked up, the cutest little boy came out of the resturant and told us they were close and would be open again tomorrow. We left but still wanted to give Jake's a try.Over a month later, we finally did get a chance to do just that.We entered Shakey Jakes and saw a nice, new & place. There was a large counter, and several red t-shirt wearing workers dishing up what looked & yummy barbeque. We waited in line and were handed menus. The walkways were narrow and left a small amount of space to sit. We were feeling the scrunch! We then sat down with our menus and chose our meals.I went back to the register & was in the fact that they didn't have any more MacNCheese and there was some miscommunication when it came to my mom's order. I thought it came with Fries... and it didn't, it comes with a side dish. My mom wanted Cole Slaw AND fries... instead I accidentily ordred JUST cole slaw... but they charged me an extra fee for the cole slaw... so really, I just got out of a side dish and it was much from there.I didn't see the lil baskets of utensils and lids and straws on of the very tall deli case. I had to take our recipt and the cups and I pourd our drinks and sat down. The TVs were SO we were shouting at eachother. I wanted to can you PLEASE turn that down?! My mom had to use the rest room and I told her she needed a key, which I learned from a previous review.Anyway, finally our food came and our order number was called and I got up thinking I had to bring it to the table, when their server told me to sit down and that she'd bring it to us... ummm... okay? but as she did, she told us that the utensils were by the register. WTF?! ARGHHH!! I was JUST there!! It was ackward, uncomfortable, and frustrating.So i got up AGAIN, if I could have just picked up my own order, I could have also gotten my utensils in one big swoop. I THINK the owners need to give out those lil numbers for their tables, think Carl's Jr. So there's no more confusion. AND give out those lil bags with utensils, napkin, salt & pepper packets. Because I'm 5'6 and I had to get on my TIPPY Toes to see what the was in those baskets! Also, I ordered two medium sodas, and none of their lids fit. They were TOO small or TOO large!The cashier was really nice, but the smaller things made this place intolerable. I couldn't walk to our table without hitting EACH and every single table and chair... ugh, that's the last thing I need. a reminder that maybe having yet another meal out is the LAST thing I should be subjecting my body to.I sat down and looked at my plate, the fuck?! I ordered pork ribs, and they gave me beef. I looked at the recipt and it said... beef. *harsh sigh* for them, they both cost the same! I remembered reading their sign underneith the cashier that said they'd be to help you out if there's anything with your order IF the food was and IF you still had your recipt. sooooo... because the cashier hit beef instead of pork and I paid - I was screwed.Choosing to just go with it, I opened up my side dishes and the yams were good. nothing great, but still good. The cole slaw was way too for me. The corn bread was good!! The highlight of the meal! their cornbread is than LoLo's! There I said it! I just wish Shakey Jake's would make theirs bigger. The ribs were VERY good, they had a serious ring and the sauce had a bite to it. My mom didn't care for her sandwich, she said there wasn't sauce and that the meat was very fatty. She the yams and the coleslaw. We both agreed that the cobbler was YUMMY! I just wish they baked it longer.When we left, I was full and not as aggravated I was before. I do want to give Shakey Jake's another chance (maybe without my mom). To my yelpers, if you go - be sure the check your recipt, get your utensils after you order & expect a server to bring your food when it's done. [SEP]
4	The Roosevelt seeps a vibe that can only be attained by converting a historic house into a den of drunkeness. Ah, a banker's dream.This is where my coworker, Dani, and I went after eating at Sens. She was going to a date and didn't want to show up alone, for that this guy would be a total psycho who would cut her hair and eat it in front of her. But this time, I already had two and martinis from Sens and was very to have taken the light rail. I ordered the oatmeat stout and was quite with it.Can I just say how much I the decor? I totally want to move in here...or use it as for our next home.So, the date guy wasn't a total scode and I let after half an hour. Dani, who was about meeting this guy--who's a doctor, and I told her if she wasn't interested toss him my way (sorry, honey)--ended up having a time with a guy.We both ended the night exactly the same: Passed out with a cocktail in our hands. [SEP]
3	I this facility! It's and bright. It has an indoor track, a number of cardio machines and weight machines. It has an indoor basketball court which sometimes gets used for extreme training and volleyball. It has a couple of aerobics room, plus a couple of racketball courts and a rock climbing wall to boot. I primarily joined so that I could lap swim. Unfortunately, they the times that the pool is open to 5AM - 7AM, 11AM - 1PM, and 5:30PM - 7PM - times when there's a lifeguard available. And during the summer, the pool is with kids, and the afternoon lap swimming gets pushed back to 6:30PM start. to accommodate the local swim team. These times don't for me. Also, during the summer time, it was close to 4 swimmers per lane. The teenage lifeguards don't the to lane designations and don't remind people to circle swim. I never got a lap swim workout. But the pool is kept up impeccably, and the locker room is (except during the summer time when the kids make everything sticky) A facility overall. [SEP]
1	What are you all talking about?! This place is awful. Theres a reason why these sandwiches are $3. I can't believe so many people this place, (although the place was filled with the Chinese people and they have been known to have different taste buds ) You get a 10 inch piece of bread with a bunch of stringy vegetables. From what they said, there was meat on there too, however i forgot to bring my microscope to verify if there was any on there. This place is a middle school cafeteria dab in the heart of Tokyo's slums (i don't know any Vietnamese cities). Please, homeless people, save your quarters, you're too for this place. They have milkshakes, but if you really are homeless (as you should be if you're going to Lee's) you shouldn't be buying people milk shakes anyways, stick with the dollar menu. [SEP]
3	Had a coupon so decided to have lunch at Wildflower. The food was good, similar to other specialty bakeries. The cashier was not friendly, but the manager was. Would go back, just felt that nothing overly stood out about this place. [SEP]
5	I have taken acting classes from Verve Studios on and off for four years, and have recently returned for another out!Amanda is a true professional, a working Actor herself,and gets the actor to be real, not act. Do not this opportunity to learn and grow, AND have fun.Lawannah CurryPhoenix Az [SEP]
5	JIB. an friendly. [SEP]
4	Visited for the first time on 11/10/10 around 6pm. The place was empty when we first entered though a group of people came in shortly afterwards.Overall the place was clean, and very inviting. The server was and accepted the coupon we had brought in for coffee (buy one get one free). I ordered a 12oz soy milk latte (yes they had soymilk!!) but was to find out that they were no longer serving yogurt ice cream - I opted to try their blackberry sorbet. My husband had a 16oz Iced Americano and a chocolate covered banana.I thoroughly the soy latte, it was very and filling! The sorbet was also very tasty and fresh. I asked for two scoops when I ordered it and it came in a rather large cup. I did not finish it all as it was just too much for me to eat. I suggest that you plan on sharing if you order 2 scoops! My husband his americano and banana and wanted to go back for seconds.We are hoping to return soon for some more coffee and to try their waffles and ice cream cookies (they looked so inviting!) [SEP]
5	I this place! From the moment you walk up to the door, it is spotless. Sometimes you will be approached by an employee asking if you need assistance, majority of the time, you won't talk to one employee, which is great! I just want to go in, get what I need, and out until next time without the small chatter. Their hummus is AMAZING, along with a few of the prepackaged meals. Their Creamy Cilantro Salad Dressing is OMG AMAZING!!Sweet tea... IT!! [SEP]
3	The employees here are really and I the island feel. The food is and I it because there aren't many other places in town with Hawaiian food. I also that you can get beer here. [SEP]
4	I came here a few weeks ago and I really it. I thought it was that most of the ingredients were vegan and vegetarian friendly. My husband and I came here for breakfast. I had a strawberry banana smoothie and my husband had a chocolate, coffee peanut butter protein to for. And we had bagels that were very tasty. I would to come back here for lunch, everything sounded excellent, especially the soup. I was also with the staff....I thought that was the feature of this whole place. They are friendly, and this one guy, was SOOOOOOOO the way he was greeting people and making jokes. It was very outgoing and it made the customers feel they had been coming there forever even if it was their first time. It also makes patrons and business owners feel they are an part of the community with the camaraderie that takes place here. I am looking forward to returning. [SEP]
5	This place is for a big group of people. We originally thought we were going to have 6 people. We ended up having 11 by the time everyone showed up. The staff was more than to accommodate us. The Kota Athenian chicken is very good. The price range is moderate. All in all a place. [SEP]
3	I wasn't sure what to expect. This was stop 1 on the pub crawl. There was an emo looking couple in a booth a table full of patrons (they looked regulars)The artwork on the walls was and ecclectic, but the place didn't have a feel.I can't say this would be my bar. But if I were in the neighborhood I would go to this bar for a few drinks and some hummus. [SEP]
4	This is a bit far from us, but we went and we had a time. I browsing the local goods, and the fact that it's pet was a huge plus in our book. The old lady who our dog sniffed, on the other hand, should probably take a pill. I also got a bunch of basil from this place, which had aroma and taste. [SEP]
5	Dr Natalie is a compassionate, empathetic, caring DC. She listens, takes her time with you and always strives not only to make you feel better, but to keep you feeling better. Her new location is adorable. I highly her! [SEP]
5	I must hand it to them at Olive and Ivy! First rate atmosphere and food.The pesto is the most flavorful I have ever had and that includes pesto I have eaten in Italy.Wine selection is terrific. The breakfast, lunch and dinners are wonderful. The bar feels a bit a meat market but that is the only down side.It is beautiful, and returning to again and again. [SEP]
4	Shimogamo has been one of my favorites for a few years now so, i thought it was time to give them a YELP! Every time I visit I am always greeted by the owner (Yoshi) who happens to be Japanese and runs the restaurant as such. Fish is always and high quality, sushi chefs are and always to let you try something new. They also have a selection of sake's and some random ones in stock off the menu if you ask the owner. Atmosphere is very modern/contemporary and in a small suite located next to C-Fu Gourmet. They also have a traditional Japanese seating room in the back that is for larger groups etc.. If you are a sushi or even a newbie to this style, you will it! [SEP]
3	Unlike a lot of the other reviewers, I actually had a experience here. We came in yesterday (Sunday) around 2. The place was quiet, excluding the plethora of football who came here to watch their games. They have a ton of TVs to do so, including a HUGE screen that was playing the Cardinals game. No about that. Some of the guys were rowdy but hey so am I when I watch football. It took us a while to be seated. I'm not quite sure where the hostess was. As soon as we were seated we were by a very and girl. Our food took a while even though the place was dead, but what we got was satisfying. We started with the nachos which were really and then I got their jalapeno burger and my friend got their pork sandwich sliders. The fries were and crispy. The service needs some work: hostesses, disappearing servers, cooks, but this place could be a real gem. [SEP]
2	Walking in to Five Guys, I was rather excited, and was looking forward to my experience. I have never been to a Five Guys before, so this was something new. My first reaction upon opening the doors was the music was blaring. Too loud, at least. The music was rock, which I don't mind. After walking up and reviewing the easily understood menu and waiting in line for a few minutes, someone took our order. The order taker seemed she was having a long day, not seeming very interested in the customer. While taking the order, one could see the kitchen. It seemed kind of In-N-Out, but everyone was moving much slower. It was as if everyone was moving in motion.Much to my dismay, they did not offer Dr. Pepper, my drink. I was surprised that they offered other lesser known drinks, but not Dr. Pepper? Come on. After waiting about 6 or 7 minutes, my food arrived in a bag. A bag? Really? I was planning on eating inside, not take out. Even McDonald's does than that. Digging through the bag I first took out the fries, which were in a cup, and I took a bite. My first impression of the fries was they were nothing special, and too salty. I salt on my fries as it adds flavor, but there was simply too much salt. As a result, in addition to the fact that the serving was quite large, I finished only about half of my fries.Now onto the burger. I paid about $10 for my meal, so I was thinking to myself that this be the burger I have ever tasted in a long time. Unwrapping the product in its tin foil wrapping, I noticed that the presentation of the burger was sub par. The burger did not look appetizing, at all. Almost disgusting, as a matter of fact. The cheese was over the bun, and I couldn't even see all the ingredients on the burger. Taking my first bite, it didn't taste bad. A American burger taste, I must say. It did taste rather close to Wendy's. Upon finishing my meal, I was not impressed. My stomach felt greasy, and I felt the need to go hike a mountain a couple times, which I did, as Tempe Butte is close by. I felt my stomach almost on the point of it, it was that greasy. Seriously. Overall, Five Guys is way to expensive, greasy, and makes your stomach cringe. The atmosphere is though, thus the two stars. If you had to choose between Five Guys and In-N-Out, INO is the in every category. [SEP]
5	OK, Where do I start?This place is AMAZING! I the food here, especially the fact that you can eat and watch a movie at the same time! Forget about the movie theater popcorn, you can get a rack of ribs here while your movie!Before the movie starts, a waiter walks around with an iPod touch taking your order, usually during the previews. During the movie, you can press the Service Light to add more things to your order. About nearing the end of the movie, you will get your check, so make sure that if you want more food, get your orders in before the movie is over.Pricing is good, it costs about the same as a dinner and a movie separately, why NOT two birds with one stone and get it all at once? The seats are REAL COMFORTABLE, as long as you get the seat, or leather seats, just don't get the office chair seats, as those are like....sitting in an office chair for 3 hours watching a movie ;). [SEP]
5	I've been in a handful of times, and last night was also no disappointment. After looking for a place to have a glass of wine late, I ended up here, as 3 or 4 other places in Old Town were either closed (Napoleon's and Tapas Papas Fritas both closed at 11 PM??? Well, Napoleon's closed forever, so I heard, but won't believe...) or dead. Citizen had a multi-course private affair they were finishing up. Kazimierz had some kind of themed jazz party going and was raucous and demanded a cover charge. But ol' cosmopolitan-cool AZ88 was next on my list, where I had a Pinot Noir (and Tempranillo), cheese plate (their kitchen stays open till 12:30 every night), and and convo with spot-on bartender Steen. Another bartender came in later and was relating his summer drinks in a bon vivant fashion. They do have a Moscow Mule which is served in a copper tankard to keep it cool. I've been coming in here, on average maybe once or twice a year since around 2007, and let me say at AZ88 the things don't change. They still have a food menu (they are a full boar restaurant), and a drink menu that, together, anything else, really, in Lower Scottsdale (and in much of the Valley). Not to mention the atmosphere that for me has the combination of sophistication, decor, music (4 more stars for the DJ's mellow-ambient rhythms) service, and vibe that indulges all the senses wonderfully. I'm now making this place my default destination for treating myself or a date VIPs, as they've shown what it takes to to be among the at what they do. [SEP]
3	I don't really get what all the buzz is about. Coming from SoCal I think In N Out has this place beat. I can get a small burger and small fries from Five Guys and I am beyond full the rest of the day. The Cajun fries are OK but I kind of out when the bag carrying your food gets stained from all of the grease.Why I'm giving three stars instead of two is that I JUST discovered their dogs and those are FANTASTIC. I never need to have another burger from here, I'll stick with my double doubles......but the dogs???? VOILA!!!!And their soda machine is really too. It's touch screen so once you pick your soda, you then get to add flavors. It's really cool. If they had a soda machine on The Starship Enterprise, it would be the soda fountain from Five Guys....except that it would have to be voice command.Anyway, I'll be back for the weiners and to play with the soda machine [SEP]
1	This place is crap! The players are and un-entertaining, (especially Mike Clement and Julie Martinez). , and the door men are cheesy, and rude. I'm a regular at piano bars all over the country when I'm traveling (Pete's Piano Bar in Austin, Howl At The Moon in Scottsdale) and The Big Bang in Tempe is a destination. Save your tips and bar $ for the aforementioned places and take my word for it. [SEP]
4	beer selection. Music was really and at a volume. Really a place to out and have a drink. We (aka were too to stay up past our bedtime) a jazz session. Will have to grab a coffee and out next time because I me some jazz. It's so to find in Phoenix! [SEP]
4	restaurant on-site at the Wigwam. The hotel's location means that there are few full-service restaurants close by - so we chose to eat here. We were very we did!Service is - fast, friendly, and prompt. Food was (ribeye for me).Would definitely eat here again. [SEP]
4	Cozy, and yes, a little claustraphobic...Coronado Cafe. Perhaps the latter adjective is my own issue, but at 5 foot 9 inches I felt REALLY tall. An little home, with creaky wooden floors transformed into a cafe with approachable American fare. After navigating the dicey, sandy, parking lot I accidentally entered the kitchen door. My bad. I was redirected to another door and entered through the rear. Yikes did I just say I entered through the rear? Anyway a staff person told me to go to the front and check in. Meandering through the cafe I really did find it lovely. Very neat, old yet and very loud. It was a lunch crowd on a Monday. Taking Mom and Dad out for a Mother's Day lunch. We waited a few minutes for a table and were constantly being said hello to and asked if we've been by a friendly, staff. Shout out to the staff! The menu, while not especially inventive, seemed and yummy. The soup of the day was a tortilla soup with its own stamp on it. No tortilla strips atop the cup, yet and especially flavorful soup, creamy with a twinge of tanginess to it. Mom and I both had the turkey sandwich with cranberrry sauce. HUGE mother of a sandwich. I always about the big sandwich because you cannot possible bite into it without making a mess. Not a against them, cuz it was very good, bread was and turkey seemed unprocessed. Dad ordered the ham and cheese, but stripped away all the flavors, because, well, because he's a dad and the meat and potato type menu. Dessert was a and decedent brownie with ice cream, chocolate and caramel sauces. Very good. Brownie was more a cake though. Again, no complaint, cuz it was dee-lish. Service was so I have to say. Friendly, professional and fun. I the idea of eating in an old house. The contrast of old Phoenix with photography of New York strewn about the rooms was quite cool. I a visit. I'm craving the tortilla soup and would to try other items on the menu. Most importantly it was a way to with mom and dad (who ventured in from Sun City in their mini van, navigating the Central Ave. mess, God 'em) and we truly had a experience. Coronado Cafe. Cute. Cozy. Comfortable. And in the end, not so claustraphobic. [SEP]
1	If we hadn't arrived after a day and prepaid online, I would have checked out. Furniture missing. Security bar sheared off. Faceplates for wiring gone. Furniture handles missing. Bobby pins and scraps of things on carpet - hadn't been vacuumed. Two remaining chairs stained. You wouldn't want to sit on them. No uniforms or name tags on staff. Pick another chain. The reviews for the other Ramada's in the area - which I read after the fact - reflect the same things. [SEP]
5	WOW. This places is incredible. I can honestly say that everything on the menu is wonderful. It's the date place, since you can order booze to the date jitters. Also, you can your dieting girlfriend and still order a big plate of man food. The part about their menu is the fact that it is SO TASTY with being HEALTHY. The extra care in picking ingredients, grilling/cooking with little fats, and unique spice combinations truly makes PJ stand out. The decor's nod to local artists also helps make the dining room an place to be. For a and vegetarian lunch I the following: A small Greek salad with an order of the jalapeño or roasted red pepper hummus (PS: they'll let you order the hummus half and half!) [SEP]
