1	Still a place that is in my book--especially when a server there goes out of their way to message me privately on Yelp to about my punctuation, and signing off--every so i might add, with: the B*tchy waitress from AZ88.Way to keep it over there..... [SEP]
4	I the concept of this place. There are three different restaurants each serving breakfast, lunch or dinner. This was the first time I went to the Farm Kitchen, since I usually go to the other place for breakfast. Anyway, their lunch did not disappoint. What I about their place for breakfast, was delivered for lunch. There were yummy sandwiches, salads, side dishes, and dessert. I ordered the chicken salad sandwich and it was perfect. It was loaded with mayo, which I hate. It had full of flavor! I ate my sandwich outside in the sun surrounded by trees. place to take visitors too! [SEP]
4	I would a visit if you happen to be in Scottsdale. Papago has a beer for every type of beer drinker. They have 100's of bottles in panel refrigerators, and 30 taps some of which are house brewed.They have a beer selection and wings. What more do you need from a beer spot? [SEP]
5	I am from New York and always asked where do I get pizza? Hands down Lamps Pizzeria is the BEST!!!!!! Always ingredients and staff and owner. [SEP]
3	I decided to check this place out after getting a coupon in my Shopper magazine for 25% off. I am a fan of all of the little self serve yogurt places popping up but I must be that this place is no different than all of the rest. Be careful that you don't overload your cup or you will end up paying a lot by the time they weigh your dessert! [SEP]
3	fry's is located at w germann rd and s alma rd, has a large selection, and prices are fair. when grocery shopping, i look for and purchase items based on the value in terms of product, freshness, selection, and convenience. i check the weekly sale ads and circle the buys usually at 3 different food & drug stores. since these are consumable, recurring items, i will look for opportunities to stock up when deals come up. the site is clean, stocked and organized. common purchases include some baking goods, packed meats, breads, cereals, canned products and eggs. a surprising find...there's a sushi kiosk at the back of the store near the packaged meats section. so, i buy the freshly made sushi - spicy crab roll, cali roll and tuna roll. it's actually really good. i usually shop for produce elsewhere, same with laundry products, products and dog food. those reviews to follow soon. scored a little lower since parking is usually a near-accident on the weekends, with so many vendors and customers-in-such-a-hurry at that busy shopping center. [SEP]
3	This is the other Coffee Plantation that I always forget about even though it is by where I grew up. Weird, huh?Actually, it isn't weird. Because this Coffee Plantation blends into its stripmall surroundings so seamlessly that you totally forget it's there. They take absolutely no chance with decor or ambiance. For all you know, it's part of the laundromat next door. Coffee isn't and it never seems to be too busy so it's actually an undercover spot to get some things done without of distraction. Not sure of the wifi situation, but a book on a rainy afternoon and this place would suit you well. [SEP]
4	The employees at this location are sooo nice! Even when it's busy they are still very friendly. My thing about this place is it's open 24 hours! If you want breakfast for dinner or a milkshake at midnight you can have it! My fiancee their french dip sandwich whereas I always try something different. I just had dental and have been eating a senior citizen, so I opted for the mac n cheese. It was and gooey with a crunchy cheese topping- a food. Late at night this place is especially because of the people watching. [SEP]
5	Hertz Club service for me. My Toyota Corolla, booked over the internet, was in its bay and to go.The buses to and from the rental centre were frequent and to use. [SEP]
5	Umm this place is awesome. I got a bike basket for 25 cents. 25 cents! Too often these days I run into stores that the part, but not this one! It's to shop and you may end up finding a truly deal! [SEP]
5	I down the street from Press and have been a huge fan from my very first visit! The staff is and extremely about their craft! Everything from the food to the coffee is first rate! They always accommodate my special requests (a little more of this, none of that) and always make suggestions when I'm looking for something new. I the yogurt and granola parfait (strawberry and vanilla yogurt for me with a bit of honey and light granola) for breakfast with a white chocolate latte. Also, the breakfast burritos are and filling. For lunch, my is the cactus club panini with a small side salad. Also mentioning is that they have the VERY iced coffee around. They call it an iced toddy and any one of the employees would be to tell you how it is different from regular coffee. I just know that it tastes and seems to have a bit more of a caffeine kick! My part about Press are their desserts! The berry mascarpone cake much makes you feel you've the lottery. And the ghirardelli brownies and chocolate chip cookies (warmed up) are a weekly addiction of mine. Starbucks is a thing of the past. I'm to be in close proximity to Press, but I think I would even make the drive just for that mascarpone cake! [SEP]
4	This is my place to get thai and I have not found a place to it.Now it's not perfect. I got on a regular basis (they know me when I walk in now... I go that much). The service is either or slow, and the heat ratings varies that you can be surprised. The decor isn't and it's to find from the street.Now that being said, the food is always and across multiple dishes on the menu. I'm always with my lunch. It gets busy every week day during lunch because of the Intel crowd so show up before noon. For dinner and the weekends, it's never that busy, so a time to go if you have time. [SEP]
5	I have used Sandella's on three different occasions for catering lunches to business offices. Jeff ( owner) does a job at not only running a business but also with the quality of food he prepares for customers and customer service and catering as well. My offices that I bring lunch to this food fare. It is a alternative that many of my offices are craving after having so many lunches brought to them that weigh them down and make them feel going to sleep after lunch. As a part of our healthcare community this food is something I feel about bringing to my colleges and offices that I visit. It taste great, it is made with only the ingredient personally selected by Jeff and it is of all , healthy. [SEP]
4	Went here tonight on a date with my BF. I was surprised with the atmosphere, service, and food. All the ingredients were and yummy. The Chow Mein was the I have had in years. The staff was very and attentive. I would give the one sushi roll, Cali Roll, we got a 3.. it was just ok. The BF it more than me. [SEP]
3	salad options. It is definitely to up lettuce and veggies. As for the rest of the selection, we must have just come on a night. The pasta was overcooked and mushy, not even close to al dente. fruit selection consisted of only 3 fruits, not exactly a vast selection. If you want a salad, definitely the place to go. [SEP]
5	I across this place after missing my usual Light stop on my way to pick up a Zipcar at the downtown ASU campus.First I tried my usual caffeine fix...a nonfat double latte. Excellent.Second trip back, I gave the breakfast burrito (plus bacon) a try. Delicious. The tortilla was as as everything inside.Third trip, a beet salad and a bacon chocolate chip cookie. Bacon and chocolate for the win!I've been here three times and have not been disappointed. The decor is modest, but functional, as it should be at a business with honestly food. The barista is not only knowledgable and skilled, but is also a sweetheart.It's just a couple of blocks from the Jefferson and First Street Light stop (East bound), so I've been stopping by on my way to work. [SEP]
4	I went to Khai Hoan yesterday and ordered the rare beef pho. Now, this is the first time I have had pho before and I would say it is much a glorified bowl of Ramen Noodles. That said, it was good. To me, not great, just good. We got the combination appetizer plate. The spring roll was amazing. The crab was great. I didn't the egg roll as much as I thought I would, but it was definitely fresh. I had coconut juice to drink and it was delightful. I would go back again for sure, but I would be ordering something other than the pho. [SEP]
4	Cesar Chavez park is the that the SW Valley has to offer! Located at 35th Ave & Baseline at the base of South Mountain, it's a location for the residents of South Phoenix and Laveen. I've seen it very busy, but it also seems to be one of the kept secrets in SW Phoenix!There is seating throughout the park, including ramadas and benches. A 1.1 mile trail wraps around the lakes in the center of the park, making it for runners and walkers. There is a small tot lot and playground on the east side of the park that families will enjoy. No matter what time of day you visit the park, you will find people around the lakes fishing. Be careful- a friend once tripped on a fishing line that a fisherman didn't remove from the sidewalk and his elbow!Drawbacks: this park is always dirty, as no one seems to up their after visiting and it is not in early morning or evening hours. Otherwise, one of the city parks! [SEP]
4	My wife and I originally went last Sunday only to find it closed. But since I had a Groupon deal I purchased last month, we went back Wednesday night to cash it in. And we're so we did. Kind of hidden in a shopping mall with movie theaters upstairs, we were quickly seated and served our drinks with chips and salsa. My wife ordered the fish tacos (2) with rice and black beans. Tacos and rice were both good. Black beans so-so. I ordered the Cuban sliders. 3 mini sandwiches w/ham, cheese, and a Cuban beef - oh so - with a side of potato fries. Wasn't a fan before. But now I am. Fries were and crunchy. I could only put down 2 and took 1 back to our hotel for breakfast Thursday. Would definitely return for another meal when in PHX again. [SEP]
4	The main reason for the four stars is for their Angus Roast Beef Dip -- it is delicious! It is up there on my list of French Dips. The meat is and juicy, and the horseradish spread really compliments the sandwich. Plus, it is a condiment to dip your french fries in. The portions are huge -- my sister ordered the Sesame Chicken Salad and she barely ate half of it. I, of course, devoured my sandwich. They have a huge menu, with a lot to choose from. They seem to be known for their pizzas, which look really yummy too.The atmosphere is similar to most sports bars, although I'd say this place is more of a high-end sports bar with chandeliers and mood lighting instead of vinyl and blinds. There is a massive flat screen TV. above the bar, and little ones interspersed throughout the restaurant. The wait can be a bit long on Friday nights and weekends, but you can call ahead to get your name on the wait list. And, they are to offer you some small pizza bites while you wait.Overall, BJ's is your standard chain restaurant/sports bar, but with a few extra niceties to make it stand out above the rest. I'll be back for sure, and maybe next time I'll venture outside my love-for-the-french-dip and try some of their other goodies. [SEP]
4	As a travel consultant for cre8adventures.com, we came away impressed. This is a moderately priced getaway of value. For travelers seeking style in an in-town locale, this may currently behind the Mondrian, but it easily surpasses Chaparral Suites next door. The staff is showing off its Kimpton training, and the service standards were very welcome. This hotel gets high marks on all fronts.Taggia, the hotel's new restaurant, is a Italian venue with a unique Ligurian-anchored menu that features seafood and traditionally inspired dishes. A large kiva-style fireplace warms the alfresco section, and waterfalls surround it.The only is that Kimpton hasn't fully finished up on the room makeovers yet. Compared with Kimpton's usual attention to room furnishings and design, these digs are mild-mannered. The older patterned carpeting was disappointing.Still Kimpton has done an and job at making over this property. Kudos. [SEP]
4	They are wonderful! [SEP]
2	I Petsmart because they have a selection and prices. I Petco for their cookie bar so I can pick up some cookies that are for pets for my pets. That's basically it, I only shop here on occasion because of the location. Go to Pets Inc in Tempe instead for a real shopping experience. [SEP]
2	ALWAYS trying to upsell me on a number of services...high pressure too. I usually point out something that needs special attention (dog hair in the back seat, crumbs on the floor, etc) and they proceed to do a half ass vacuum job. Two stars because the outside of the car usually looks and the inside is wiped down well.. Overall, however, these guys need to step up their game. I used to bring my car here when it was under previous ownership and was always with the service. Now I would to drive 10-15 miles further to get a car wash. [SEP]
3	We were still on a search for New Mexican food and I read up on this place and it was also by a friend. It was average, not very New Mexican. I tried the pecan grilled shrimp tacos and they were good! My boyfriend got the stacked enchiladas which was just ok. Still on the hunt for New Mexican food in AZ. [SEP]
5	wine selection except they are always out of greg norman and ive never got to try it [SEP]
3	This place gets an A for effort, but I think it slightly short. It's neat/cute that the wasabi is actually blue, and some of their rolls (like the pink dyed rice for the Marilyn Monroe roll) are innovative, but the food is only a little above average. I the rolls okay, but the thing I put in my mouth was the shrimp tempura appetizer in the martini glass. That appetizer is to for! The miso soup was good, but not my favorite. We did the fact that there were only a few tables and it wasn't a huge place with a million people, but the food just wasn't what we expect. We are going to continue hunting for our sushi restaurant in Scottsdale.....the service here was very good, though, which made the experience overall. [SEP]
5	fruit and vegetables. Bulk items nuts and cranberries are a value. Check out the meat and deli. Cage chicken and grass fed beef. Salmon and Tuna are fresh. They do have some values here. The cashiers are and give the nickel bag discount. [SEP]
5	I their seating area. It has a sized inside area and also a outside area that is tucked between a walkway and another store. One of my locations. [SEP]
3	I didn't have a fully immersed Portland's experience, so perhaps I am selling them a bit short, but as far as my experience went, it was A-OK.We stopped in because of its proximity to the light and our need for alcoholic refreshment. We had a couple beers (small selection - but we found something we really liked) and a glass of wine (reasonably priced, tasty) The service was fine, the prices fine. Everything was fine.And that's just it. Does 'Fine' a 'Yay! I'm a fan', four star review. No it does not. Maybe the food is out of this world. Maybe at night this place lights up and sparkles in a way that the daytime cannot convey. Its on the light rail, so I may give it another attempt, but on first glance, Portland's is just A-OK. [SEP]
5	As a real estate investor, I need contractors that I can truly count on to get things done for me. This means that my calls get returned in a fashion, is done properly, quickly and competently but most importantly, that I get quoted a price for a job. Don't give me drama and definitely, don't give me any or sales pitches.I'm so to have found David and Tracy. They run a tight ship, they are extremely professional and I sensed their from the word hello and I talk to contractors and real estate agents almost every single day.Thank you for a job done. You have definitely made the cut as part of my go to crew, not only for my rental properties but as a highly vendor to my Sonoran friends, colleagues and neighbors.Cheers!! [SEP]
4	We had a meal here!I started with the salad as I was craving salad. HIt the spot.Hubby started with smashed irishman drink and loved. He moved onto a draft beer.I moved onto Fish and Chips-they were light and just the size.Hubby had beef stroganoff-he said it was tasty.We ended with the salted caramel-my thing of the night.I think the bill was $62 before tip-pretty to me. [SEP]
4	*Gamestop Burger*Visiting a friend in Phoenix I first see Smashburger from the street. Upon first glance my other friend and I thought it was a Gamestop cuz the sign looked just it. We both said Haha, we thought that was a Gamestop.Our friend goes, Yeah I first thought that too when I first saw it. It's there. Do you guys wanna go? So we ended up eating our first meal in Phoenix at Smashburger, and we were we did. The food was really good, and the smashfires were a addition to our burgers.I ordered the BBQ Bacon & Cheese. It was quite delicious, and a little on the side. BUT that's where all the flavor is!!!!!This burger has some steamy buns. Yeah I said it .Unlike most places that use the typical sesame seed bun Smashburger uses egg buns. These buns are a lot and the burger very nicely. I decided to order the smashfries which are with garlic and rosemary. These were an choice. For those of you who may not those flavors they offer regular fries as well. Seeing that I hadn't eaten since morning I also ordered the Arizona dog. This had guacamole, tomatoes, jalapenos, habenero cheese and a spicy chipotle sauce all on an all beef dog. I it. It was nachos minus the chips on my dog. Now this place is on the side, but if you feel dishing out $8+ for a burger and fries then this place is not too shabby. Different locations call for different items on the menu, so don't be surprised if the Arizona dog cannot be found outside of Arizona. I say that they should combine all the regional menus to make one giant-mega selection-awesomeness menu. But I highly that'll happen. [SEP]
2	Meh. Seems to be a little for what you get.Nothing me at all.Many places similar to this one give you food, and more of it for your money.By the way - I tried this place TWICE and had same experience both times. [SEP]
1	I understand I'm not dude and so I'm not there to state at your twin peaks however, that being said I am there to buy a beer and when it takes the bartender 20 minutes just to get a beer I'm over it. So I was never gonna come back but was forced with a group of friends who wanted to eat and was just as as the first time. Fries were soggy and our server disappeared. We all decided were not going back. Just because your a looking server doesn't give you an for sucking. [SEP]
2	Over the last 5 years or so, I've eaten lunch at Dilly's Deli a couple dozen times. The location is excellent, as it is near my office, and the interior décor is clean, modest, and charming. The music seems to vary, but on today's trip, it appeared to be a mix of oldies and jazzy listening. While I've never had to wait for a table to clear, seating can be during lunch hours. The service is and quick and the menu offerings and interesting. Vegetarians will find a handful of options here, though it is likely you can request to meat from any sandwich or salad. Carrying Boar's Head ingredients is a plus, however the way their sandwiches are assembled and the ratio of ingredients used simply doesn't for me. Oftentimes, I find my sandwich has a bulge of deli meat in the center and much less (and sometimes none at all) toward the outer parts nearing the crust. It has been my experience that the wraps are not treated this way, though the only wrap I've tried (Mexi) flavor and tasted processed. I've eaten one salad at Dilly's - the Greek - and, while it is tasty, I discovered a fly in it halfway through and haven't ordered a salad there since. As other reviewers have reported, the soups aren't as piping as I'd like, though the and additional daily soup is appreciated. The bread is deliciously soft, warm, flavorful, and large - for accompanying a soup or salad. If you're accustomed to filling up on a sandwich made with normal-sized slices, I suggest ordering a half sandwich so you can sample a side of soup, salad, or dessert as well. All sandwiches are served with a pickle spear.The cookies and brownies get 4 stars on their own.Today I gave Dilly's another shot and ordered a new menu item, the Red Bird, on wheat. Personally, I'm not a fan. The Blazin' Buffalo, Dilly Bird, and Smokey Mountain boast far flavor combinations, IMO. Also, my pickle spear had a hair on it.Dilly's is a bit than its nearby competition (All whole sandwiches are $6.99), though a price if shared.Overall, this is a higher quality sandwich shop than Subway, Blimpie, and the like. Unfortunately, the fly and hair experiences combined with the bread/meat ratio I will not return. [SEP]
2	This Baja really didn't me. It's considering that all you're getting is meat in a tortilla. It doesn't have that Mexican feel to it and is unoriginal. There were on the wall. The food is however. Nothing special though. Since it's a corporate chain you can't expect sizzling flavor but I was left unsatisfied. There are Mexican food places to go to. [SEP]
4	True Food Kitchen claims to not be a health-food restaurant, rather a place for food that just so happens to be healthy. Whatever you want to call it, when you sit down, you'll be handed a card explaining nutrition guru Dr. Andrew Weil's food philosophies and explaining their ingredients and food items until you no longer have an appetite. However, give this place a chance - it's not all about health at the sacrifice of flavor. The decor highlights the culinary concept, with clean, lines, big open windows, and LOTS of green. Andrew's Elixir, one of their refresher drinks, was delightful. The food item we had was the caramelized onion tart appetizer, with gorgonzola cheese, black figs, and caramelized onions on a crispy flat crust. It was the balance of the mild onions and figs with savory cheese and light, crispy crust. Our server said this is the same crust as their pizzas, so next time I'd to try those. Next, we had the edamame dumplings, which is basically steamed tons filled with pureed edamame in a light miso broth. These were good, not great. For our entree, we ordered the black cod, but we had to send it back because it was so fishy (and undercooked). When I asked the server if the fish is or fresh-frozen, he said, Well, they're all fresh-frozen. Their fish entrees are $22, which seems inexpensive, but they're small portions. For that kind of price in this type of restaurant, I would expect fish. Perhaps the fresh-frozen fish is a cost-cutting measure in what seems to be the increasingly corporate Sam Fox empire. We went with the salmon instead, which was also undercooked but far less fishy. The roasted apples and pureed celery root were lovely, but the dish as a whole was a little overpowered by the mustard sauce, and the accompanying vegetables were weird. Prices overall are very reasonable, especially if you stick with appetizers, salads, pizzas, and sandwiches. True Food aims for the lofty goal of making cuisine that just so happens to be extremely healthy, and occasionally the mark, but I give them credit for bringing Dr. Andrew Weil's philosophies on the importance of nutrition for the body and mind to the mainstream. [SEP]
2	There are few things I cannot stand more than eating out for pizza-by-the-slice. Those are: slices so big they contain an entire days of calories and charging additional for traditional toppings. While I understand the of this centralized pizza joint -- a slice is 1/4 the pizza itself. The crust is a couple inches high and the pizza itself is barely 1/4 inch. I had cheese and while cheese pizza isn't as is, the slice I had here was considerably unimpressive.We paid $9.31 for 2 slices and a 20 oz beverage. What also put me off to this place was the staff and multiple things did not seem to be working while there -- including their ice machine and their sound system (cut on and off). I was also not how, never truly hearing of Sal's before, the employee made it seem a chain of few. Go to their website and you will realize otherwise. This location is franchised.I will not return (unless I am not paying). Instead, I will take a jab at one of the other multiple food options on that corner. [SEP]
3	It usually takes a word of mouth review from a friend for me to try a new Chinese restaurant. However, I was craving this cuisine and this restaurant is close by and tucked away in a small strip mall. Wasn't busy at all on a Friday evening. We were greeted away as we entered into the clean, open, no frills dining room. We ordered beef and broccoli, chicken rice and lo mien. As we waited our server offered bowls of egg drop soup on the house. The soup was a touch but nothing superb. I was with our meal but it was not the I've tasted. rice was a little bland. Beef and broccoli was delicious. Overall I'd say the service was way than the food. [SEP]
4	Surprisingly organized displays for a location that regularly gets mauled by roving packs of shoppers. sales and service, a seasonal selection but not as as some of the larger Anthropologies out there. The person who lays out the stuff at this store seems to space out the perfume bombs at a wider spacing so noses may be less by this store than some others in the Valley.The clearance racks are mines for sizes 8+. They occasionally have shoes, bags and swim items being sold at clearance there from in-store returns. ( Ladies 0-6 can clearance picks at the Val Vista and US-60 location! That location also has stock from previous seasons since it is so far out of the way of the typical Anthropologie shopper.) [SEP]
4	Came here on a Thursday night and it was quite busy! Maybe all the snow birds are still in town. I made rezs and we arrived early,yet they had no plan as to where we sit. We ended up sitting on the Patio. Which would be in the summer or spring but , a bit for Jan. They had 2 heaters outside. However, we were just a little to far away to feel them. We ordered a pitcher of the red Sangria wine, which they said they were out, but alass when they saw how we were they made more! We were very about that so that gives them extra points. However, the Sangria was loaded with ice and there was ice in the wine glasses as which made us even more cold. Skip the ice when it is in the 40's outside. We had the large Capresse salad which was excellant...The basil and cheese were huge and very tasty. Pizza was absolutly divine! crust ,wonderful mushrooms , and Italian Sausage. Bathrooms were and parking can be a bit of a challenge. a bit of atmosphere. The busboys were very i give them extra points as they were really working hard. [SEP]
2	They play two kinds of music here: country and western. The place is about the size of my one bedroom apartment. It's a dive for sure. It's though. But cash only. The food is actually not too for bar food. Overall this place doesn't much, but considering you don't have a lot of choices for Laveen, you can't really compalin either. [SEP]
4	place. Separate bar area upstairs with lots of TV's for sports. size portions. A little pricey, but big portions. [SEP]
5	It's 1961 and we're having lunch in the courtyard of our Miami Beach hotel. Parker House rolls, and salty, an open-face meatloaf sandwich with mushroom gravy. There's a surf board and a tiki carving amidst the flowers. But wait - something's wrong!! There's no humidity! Those are imported mushrooms in my gravy! I to orient myself in time and space and find, what a relief, that I'm actually in Cafe ZuZu in downtown Scottsdale and it's 2010. The Valley Ho Resort, which houses the Cafe, is such a period piece. It opened in 1956 and was renovated in 2005 by a very design team that left the mid-century architecture and spirit intact. Cafe ZuZu is at the far end of the lobby, and its patio is surrounded with flowers. The decor is late 50's. If you're as old as we are, you'll recognize it instantly. The menu consists of Flavorful American food. Familiar favorites with a contemporary twist. There are goodies Maytag blue cheese fondue ($7.50), truffled grilled cheese ($9), beef stroganoff ($17), and (gross) tuna salad with cottage cheese which brings me back to my childhood a little too clearly. While waiting for our entrees, we received a basket of Parker House rolls. These are the squishy white bread treats that, if you can manage not to eat them all, make toys. You can mold them into sculptures, or shape them into little round beebees to shoot through your straw. My meatloaf sandwich ($11.25) was served on a thick piece of grilled white bread topped first with melty cheese, then the meatloaf, then the gravy. There was a mound of lumpless potatoes alongside. They were so Ken wondered if they were made from instant, but they tasted much too for that. The portion was huge, I took half home (of course I knew I was going to have dessert). Ken had sauteed liver, prepared, atop a mound of kale that had been cooked with high quality bacon, sauced with a Madera reduction. He it. I surprised him by ordering a meringue tart ($6) for us to share. There were several chocolate desserts that sounded good, but I had a vision of the mile high meringue toppings of my childhood. The tart had only swirls of meringue, but it had been made in such a way that it was creamy, as opposed to foamy, and it was really good.The custard was the star. I remembered a gelatinous filling, but this was and velvety, with just the tart/sweet balance. The pastry was a cross between cookie and pie crust, and stood up to the filling. This was not an meal, but the portions are large and quality is excellent. Plus we had joined an organization called The Lunch Club, which every weekday, emails it's members a discount coupon for a restaurant in their specified zip code. So one of our entrees was free! (The discount coupons differ, some are 20% off the bill, others merely are for a drink). But, to pay Cafe ZuZu the ultimate - I'd come here and pay full price. [SEP]
4	Coming from a place where there is mexican food on every couple streets, I have truly an mexican restaurant or joint. This place is legit! tacos, burritos, real non-taco bell mexican! If you want some real Mexican food, try this place out! [SEP]
5	the carne asada. [SEP]
2	I am a fan of taco stands in general, but....This location my bacon, potato, egg and cheese breakfast burrito. Every now and then they get it just right, but most of the time there's something missing from it. The bacon is frequently to a crisp, and the eggs...OH the eggs. They are browned beyond all recognition and sometimes just a thin layer of bubbly stuff. [SEP]
5	St. Francis gives the impression you could be dining in one of the cities in the world, instead of the 5th largest cities in the USA.Start with their cucumber gin drink, and then order another. Goat cheese on crostini follows. Insist on extremely whipped potatoes--a side order-- to accompany your salmon on red quinoa. Dessert MUST be the chocolate cake with peanut butter gelato accompanied by carmel sauce trailings and carmel corn garnishes.Try dining at the bar for an uncluttered view out the picture window opening, minus the glass.Loved it! Will return.They our entree for us AND were about the extra we caused--not a wimper. Truly service ! [SEP]
4	Saturday breakfast buffet (until 11am). I wanted a resort style brunch setting to treat my folks too while they were in town. The service here is as are the grounds, which deserve a walking through after you gorge yourself on heaps of fruit, pastries, bacon and eggs. Located in central Scottsdale. [SEP]
1	No. If you ask me about eating at Papaya Thai, that is what I will say. 0 stars for the single kinda scattered and scruffy staffperson. 0 stars for the cook who cannot prepare an offering from the menu as the menu describes it.In this case, I was down to two remaining untried Thai restaurants within quick reach of the Valley Metro Limo, and both in Tempe. The other half was in Tampa, and since he does not care much for Thai, I get the chance to try one. The limo arrived at Southern and Mill at 5:17 PM, and connected me with another limo at Broadway. With traffic, getting to McClintock took nearly 15 minutes. On exiting the limo, 5:50 PM, I walked back about half a block to the restaurant.On entering the restaurant, I picked up a menu and rang the bell and a somewhat staff person came to greet me. He asked me where I wanted to sit, at a table with 1 bench looking directly into the side of a huge fish tank...or the next table, which would leave no buffer between myself and the only other table seated in the restaurant. There are at least 120 seats in this restaurant. Why so fiercely contain people in the first three tables close to the door? You must get your business in fits and hurries and keeping only the 3 tables active is working for you? Then again, your telling me you are the only staffperson does not surprise me. The Help Wanted sign on the door was more than an indication that Help is NEEDED!When I was seated, staffperson offered to bring water. The phone rang and he was off, as he offered another version of I am the only staffperson here... I looked at the menu and made my decision. In the menu, there is a $2 charge listed for sharing. This goes against everything Thai I have ever known. The traditional Thai meal has everyone some of each dish served. Because of my proximity to the fish tank, I was quite up close and personal with the fish. The water probably isn't filthy, but the plexiglass is not the perception. 6 PM, as the cellphone chime reminds me of the passing of an hour. I am waiting for water and a staffperson who can take my order. 6:01, the staffperson comes, bearing a pitcher of water and a (My eyes are rolling in opposite directions because I am either overworked or stoned) smile. He filled up my glass and asked if I was to order. I replied that I was and ordered Som Tom, the Thai name for the green papaya salad. Staffperson replied that he did not know the Thai names for the menu items. The phone rang again.Staffperson's attention was no longer on me. The phone, his Pavlovian stimuli, had taken him away. I asked if he had heard me. He replied that he needed to go answer the phone. He asked if I minded waiting, as he was the only staffperson. I said I would wait. Off he went, in pursuit of electronic interaction. 6:10 PM, staffperson returns, apologizing for the telephone and asking about my order. I ordered the papaya salad without the green beans and steamed rice on the side. Staffperson took the order and went to the kitchen. The phone rang as he left the table, his pace quickening as he approached the phone. 6:18 PM, the door opens and 2 potential patrons enter. The bell rings and staffperson rushes to the waitstand to greet 2 new patrons. 6:20 PM, staffperson returns. He brings the salad and a bowl of rice. The salad that appears has some of the traditional salad ingredients along with ingredients that have no business being in the salad. Som Tom does not have cucumber, shredded lettuce or cilantro. On sending back the initial preparation, staffperson returned with the original preparation, advising the chef stated This is a traditional Thai presentation of the dish. I sent the order back, citing the and asking for a new presentation.6:25 pm. As I empty my water glass, the salad I received previously is returned, minus the cucumber. In asking staffperson if this is a new presentation or if it is an attempt to the original, he replied that he did not know. I stood and left. While the advertisement on the window of the establishment says they have The Curry in the Valley, they will get no second chance to prove it to me. For all the phone activity, there was no one who came to pick up a carry-out order. Between this and the somewhat glazed staffperson, I have to if this place is not a front for a drug business. [SEP]
3	Cracker's & Company has always been a breakfast destination. The food is always and the selection more unique than other restaurants. My husband and I came in for a Anniversary breakfast and although the place wasn't crowded, we were seated next to a table of ill mannered children and their mothers. I would have asked to move but our waitress was missing in action from the start of our visit. Before our waitress went MIA we ordered our drinks and entrees. In the past I have been given a small carafe of coffee but was only given a cup today which was disappointing. I ordered a carrot cake muffin when I ordered my entree and asked to have it served away with my coffee. I also asked for the hollandaise sauce on the side of my New Princess omelet but it was spread over the when it was delivered to my table along with my muffin. So much for my muffin with my one cup of coffee. However, the food was as usual. The service was and the ambiance was equally as poor. I'd to see a restaurant such as Crackers their edge in this food service industry. I'm hoping today was a fluke and the service will to its previous caliber. [SEP]
4	I haven't been here in a while. I how they have remodeled this Fry's, even though it is not even 5 years old, they revamped it a little. Today they had deals for certain participating items. I am I read the flyer I got in the mail. I am I have their VIP card, I got a lot of stuff for only $45. [SEP]
5	My wife called to have our cleaned since our dryer was taking over an hour to dry an average load. Our appointment was scheduled for 8 a.m. not for 8-12 as most places. He showed up at 8 and had the and working well. customer service and very friendly.Thanks again,Gary [SEP]
5	WOW! I had read and heard alot of things about Smeeks and I thought, It must be too to be true, and while out shopping for a few items today, I was wrong. I walked in and I felt a kid in a candy store. They had candy, novelties, and I swear everything I looked at it made me think of a friend who would to find it in their stocking on Christmas day. The store was packed (it is 3 days before Christmas), but the staff was friendly, and went around to make sure everyone found what they needed or if they needed a basket. Guys, I'll be back here throughout the year, and you should check it out. If it doesn't make you or make you want to sift through all the goodies, you probably kick kittens for (and that's not cool!). [SEP]
5	My husband & I are to Cherryblossom's ramen. Mr. T is Japanese & I lived in Japan for @4 years, so take my word it's authentic.The mix of foods is not so if you're familiar with restaurants in Japan. The ramen is Hakata style, made with a pork broth & may be heavy/oily for some people, so why not please everybody? Be sure to ask for Cha Shu Ramen to get a few more pieces of pork. (extra $)The salads are also fantastic; lightly (10?)Shrimp on a spring mix base with mango dressing, Shanghai Duck salad, and the Chicken Caesar was perfect, not heavily dressed some roadhouses. Mr. T & our daughter the Eggplant in Miso Sauce, & even the California Roll was good.It's said Japan took the of each country's cuisine. So there are French pastries, German beer, Italian pasta, and Indian curries. Save the banana bread for dessert if you can, or get one of their pastries. I've never have room.If you WHITE bread, buy one of the Pullman loaves on the table by the front door. My first extra 20 pounds in Japan came from the bread! (No whole grain breads were 30 years ago!)I think it's too small for groups over six.Maybe we'll see you there.Added 11/18/07I think that their menus are not all alike, so if ramen isn't on the menu you receive, you can still order it. (It's posted in Japanese on the wall.) For the basic, ask for Hakata Ramen. For extra pork, ask for Cha-shu-men or Cha-shu-ramen.Either way, there's really not much pork in it. That's why you need a shrimp or duck salad. [SEP]
3	Dam you Doug !!!Ok, I thought I be the first but Doug beat me to it. Any establishment that has a hour for it's guest is a plus nuff said. Yes -the 4th floor grill is and the bar staff will give you the In's & outs of Scottsdal-ing culture and the pizza they serve is dam good- the breakfast was was actually too. I'm not sure if they still do the hour thing but what sold me on this lets say resort - is that while I was there , there was a whole bus full of girls that where promoting - some kinda of alcoholic beverage - and I heard from a source many beverage companies uses the Chaparral as a pit stop for their promotional tours... Word- I guess they come for the pool's... [SEP]
5	Went here for lunch after riding bikes in the desert. We have had Mellow Mushroom in Georgia and Florida, but this one was notch. Very clean, staff very , and food OMG to for. The garlic cheese bread is fantastic, and the calzones are my favorite. [SEP]
3	place. You never actually know who is your server because several different people actually wait on you. The service can be at times which can get annoying. The space is big, bigger than what it seems from the street. The food was so-so. [SEP]
2	I've always wanted to go here. The flames outside intrigued me. So we went on Wednesday night around 8pm. We were sat quickly with no reservations for habachi. Music is pumping, and the crowd is a bit older/slightly cougarish.The service was...OK. He went missing from time to time. He brought me a diet coke after I had only taken a few sips out of my glass. I must of gotten 4 new glasses by the end of the meal.Soup....is your basic mushroom miso soup.Salad...Tasty, spicy, had a kick. crunchy greens.Fillet and Chicken....Eh....I found the flavors lacking, the steak a little chewy, and the chicken boring. Even the dipping sauces were lacking.74 for dinner plus tip for two. I think you can get elsewhere. Not the drive down to Scottsdale, find a local joint closer to home. [SEP]
2	Talk about disappointed. I had high hopes for this place, what with its location and idiosyncratic name. But after an hour or so and a couple drinks, I couldn't get past the 'meh' feeling that was permeating both my inner ennui and this bar as a whole. That's when it hit me. Coldplay started to play over the speakers and I knew I had found the musical analogue for this joint. Turf = Coldplay. Trying to give you what want and epically. All the things you are supposed to - the things you about similar bands/bars have all been included. You it once, you'll it again! Right? Much Coldplay's pomp and circumstance that is ultimately soulless, Turf Accountant to be on any level. Its all carefully crafted to give you some blend of quasi-upscale, Irish, hipster cool, but it just to deliver. I knew it was time to go when I heard Chris Martin's voice. If you find middling boring, I suggest passing on Turf. [SEP]
5	Once you buy a steak from von hansons, you will never buy steak anywhere else again. This is the shop I have ever seen. Also sausages, chicken, cuts of lamb. I also get my thanksgiving turkey here. [SEP]
4	Finally veered away from my usual sandwich or rice noodles and ordered the beef pho....darn it was good! [SEP]
2	Nah. I forked over $13 for a club sandwich, mac 'n' cheese, and a large Pepsi. The mac 'n' cheese was good, and the sandwich was just okay. I say take your $13 and go to Texaz Grill!!! WAY food, and for $13 you can get dessert too. [SEP]
4	The price and pho was awesome. The waiter was with me figure out what to get. Tried #11, the beef tendon and meat but not a fan of the meatballs (there was a tiny bone in mine). I am a NYC bahn mi eater so the bahn mi wasn't my (I thought the meat was too fatty) but the boyfriend the BBQ pork bahn mi. I also the do it yourself take home containers, homemade sauce, and I even heard they will refill your broth. Bring an appetite, even with the normal size I was stuffed! [SEP]
1	ok, let me be straight with you. i paying full price for anything. yes, i'm one of those people. i a coupon. i a discount. and i absolutely a bargain! but i don't to feel when i leave a store. i felt really, really when i left this store. ewwwwww. this is a yucky ross. dirty, dirty, dirty! the floors and clothing racks were filthy. i couldn't have bought something even if i wanted to because the store was so - i got black stuff on my hand after touching a clothing rack. the floor was so discolored i'm not sure what the original color was. parts of the store's floor were sticky. many of the clothes had marks on them, presumably from the hangars and racks they are stored on. selection was meager, there wasn't a single shoe, bag, wallet, sock or home decor item that caught my eye. the trip was a of an hour that i'll never get back. never, ever again. [SEP]
5	Please know that this place is the long wait. I come to Phoenix once a month for and I make sure I have dinner here. There is NOT one thing I can about. Remember, things come to those who wait. I HIGHLY waiting in the house next door and having some wine. The bartenders are very friendly. The main restaurant will call the house when your table/bar seat is ready. The pizza is baked in a stone brick oven. Real firewood is used, not California Pizza Kitchen's gas oven. The owner himself makes the pizza. Every employee is genuinely nice. With each bite, you have a subtle taste of (not overwhelming). The crust is thin and crispy...AND MOST IMPORTANTLY...you can fold the slice - for all you NJ/NY natives! My stomach is churning and mouth salivating as I write more. I am going to Phoenix this Thursday...guess where I'll be? PS-Guys, eye candy. [SEP]
5	You know, for a this one really isn't bad! They have a ton of clothes that are actually displayed to make them look and instead of the usual crammed heaps and stacks you see. I the books - a selection of books you have always meant to read (and I don't mean the old classics, though they have those too) James Patterson, Anne Rice, and all those gooey Twilight books. Looks they moved out most of the furniture recently, but perhaps they will be getting a new shipment soon. Lots of knick-knacks and vases, and about 25 printers to choose from! Check here first if you are looking for one of the above stated items - they is a chance you will find it! [SEP]
1	I'm not sure what all of the buzz is about because this place wasn't that great! I had the grilled cheese and it was and dry! There was this guy who sat across from our table and it was quite sickening! I will not be going back! [SEP]
3	I would have given this a higher rating except for the prices. Ok - in this economy, I am to be able to eat out at all. However, $11 for their smallest sandwich and two small sides and a drink ($1.99 each!!) is a little especially if you have a family to feed. They should consider making it a buffet since they charge buffet prices or giving you a little more for you money.But, yes, the food is good. [SEP]
5	As far as sports bars go, this one can't be beat. You won't find one in the East Valley with food, beer selection, hour, or a friendlier staff. This is one of my places in all of Ahwatukee and the surrounding areas.I've been here bunches of times, and the only one experience I had (overcooked burger) they took care of the situation above and beyond.I can't say it enough: go, eat, drink, see for yourself: Public House is the around. [SEP]
4	It's about time I write a review for Kona Grill... after all, I've been here more times than I can count and 2 of these times occurred this week alone! Kona Grill is a chain which makes me want to give them only 3 stars, but considering their food is quality, they offer a atmosphere, and their service is decent... I'm giving 4 stars instead.As many of the reviews before mine say, hour at Kona is great. From 3 - 7, they offer 1/2 off a small menu of appetizers, sushi rolls, pizzas, and drinks. (They also have a reverse hour from 10pm on I think). I can't speak for the pizzas (I've never tried them), but the potsticker appetizer is great, and so is the sushi. If I'm not about hour prices, I've often ordered other menu items such as seaweed salad, edamame, nigiri, and the seabass entree too. I've never been disappointed.I usually do not choose Kona as a destination, but if I'm in the area, at the mall, or someone else chooses it, I'm going to Kona every now and then. It's for what it is - take it or leave it! [SEP]
1	This place is the white-trash Chipotle. The food is at best. I mean seriously, how can you just up and Chipotle's idea! There's no creativity there. The Habenaro Salsa is flavorless and not at all. Seriously? I asked for HOT, not some yellowish tomato concoction for the people who can't handle real salsa! At least Chipotle has salsa (not too either but much better) for a Americanized mexican food. Of course I much rather have the real deal but I do Chiptole for what it is. Not this that Qdoba tries to serve up. The chicken is over and highly spiced/herbed you can barely taste the chicken. The Fajita veggie were the same. The product looked of very low quality. Oxidizing Guacamole and Lettuce. The meat looked unappetizing as well. Just not at the level of Chipotle. Although I have been here twice, this is the last time for me. I have been to one in Denver and for some reason thought it was better. So maybe it's management but I can say the food is less than good. I much rather go to Chiptole than this wannabe! Employees were dumber than a bag of Frijoles!This place has the Mexican Food I have ever had next to a pre made burrito from 7-11 or a burrito from Taco Bell. Just food. [SEP]
4	Made an appointment on the day I went. I only had my lunch break, but they made it a and experience! No hidden charges for the exfoliating salt scrub. I received a pedicure in a atmosphere in under an hour. Success! [SEP]
4	We've eaten here a number of times and have always had the service and food. All of the servers we've had were and the manager always makes it a point to check on us and see if we need anything. No and we'll definitely be eating there again. [SEP]
5	I see Jenny Strebe who cuts and Veronica Peebles who colors. They are AMAZING! I am so they opened Salon Stylush, it is the size (not too huge and crazy) and it is so & cute! Jenny is an hair stylist with the to prove it (she styles hair for fashion shows, magazines, television, etc). Jenny has been cutting my hair for years and she is and talented. I her with my hair, no question, and her highly. Also, she has a for men's hair as well. She cuts my husband's hair and that is one of his qualities (I'd say!). There are so many men out there with hair - Jenny knows how to make it for men!Veronica has colored my hair for years - and she is hands down one of the in the industry. I never my color until I found Veronica. Now, I her completely and know she'll make my hair look great, and natural, which is to me. She's also sweet! I highly Veronica as a stylist and colorist. [SEP]
4	Went in midweek for lunch with a few guys from work. Place was quiet, to get seats. Staff were and efficient. Some of the wings I have ever had... Try the boneless wings, hot, and Finished on the grill... AWESOME!!! Also highly the patty melt on marbled rye with potato fries. [SEP]
3	I had very high expectations for The Breakfast Joynt because so many gave it 5 stars, which means As as it gets, Woohoo! according to Yelp. My experience didn't live up to that but I'm to give them another try.This location was formerly a bar that was transformed into a breakfast restaurant. The actual bar is still there, with a flat panel TV in the middle, but surprisingly the shelves are still empty all the way up to the ceiling. They've only been there around 6 months, so maybe this will change as they settle into the location. It has a very clean, feel to it - something not out of place in North Scottsdale. It's also to find once you're off the 101 onto Raintree, and then north on Northsight... it's on the and shares parking with Gold's Gym that is easily seen from the road.I found the eggs to be good, and steering towards the omelet choices. Being from the South, it wasn't that the biscuits were somewhat small and square shaped, almost a little dinner roll. They have their own style (and they've informed me that they are homemade) but I was looking for something more substantial to be smothered in sausage gravy. The pancakes were not served with the other food items, and they seemed to have settled and were somewhat chewy and elastic.Menu was rather and with sectioned boxes, with a highlight of their featured stuffed apple pancake. I thought the description of ham that off the bone was repeated far too many times.Prices were very for Scottsdale. The squeezed orange juice was excellent. Owners are very about customers with less than a dining experience, so I'll be sure to give the Breakfast Joynt another try with friends and family. [SEP]
3	Typical dumpy yet little sports bar in a strip mall setting. Get your tires changed next door at Discount Tire and grab a few heinekins while you wait. though, they call it coppers because it is owned and frequented by Cops and for some reason there are a lot of people missing limbs that frequent the place.?. hum. ho. [SEP]
3	A very sandwhich shop! My boy and I stopped in here after a movie at the AMC. They have a concept with the bags on the wall where you mark your items.My only wish is that they had sandwhiches as as the toasted variety. I am not always (rarely in fact) in the mood for a toasted sandwhich.The italian sandwhich I got though was delicious.NOM NOM NOM [SEP]
5	this place! Wish we had one here in CA. vibe once you walk through that door. drinks and goodies!! [SEP]
1	Price reflects quality and service. 5/2010 purchased wedding gown, brides maids and mothers (bride and groom mothers and grandmothers) dresses. Girls were and our brides maids dresses seems and straps apart just before the wedding. [SEP]
5	The folks here are the best! [SEP]
5	After attempting a walk in gel at the looking Sundrops nail salon with my two year old in tow, I was drawn to a half deserted strip mall just down the street and a small space in the center labeled Andy's Nails. I Yelped the place and saw the reviews so I walked in and was immediately attended to by the friendliest faces I've seen in a while. Despite the fact that I was short one babysitter, they began on my nails away and when my toddler got restless, one of the very owners picked her up and carried her around for 20 minutes! Not only do they now offer Gelish gel manicures but they offer more colors than many other Arcadia/Biltmore/Camelback Corridor nail salons AND they're by anywhere from $5-$20! I'm definitely going back and going back soon! My toes are lonely... [SEP]
4	Eat, drink, be merry.Love the atmosphere. the upholstered loveseats, the bruschetta and salad. the open air.Don't the parking options. Don't when I'm seated on the wooden chairs. How can we be expected to relax and drink up when our bums are bruising?Servers? on the eyes. for girls' night out. [SEP]
4	I always have time at this place. I could write a page about Geisha, but the previous reviews much sum this place up. * Self servicing bathrooms (Ladies only) * Hour pricing- The veggie pot stickers are the bomb! * waitresses ... barely of age to serve you alcohol =) * Private karaoke rooms that allow you to yourself in front of your friends onlyThe only thing I would steer of is the specialty drinks they are overly and are not made with fruit... even when they say they are. The waitress that up for me last weekend =). [SEP]
5	Ever eat at a Steak 'n Shake? That's what Freddy's is: a Steak 'N kind of burger and it's delicious! I the fries too: very thin, hot, not too much salt.Nice people, the manager made it a point to get me my meal hot-off-the-grill, even though I came ahead of the call and again he met me while he was cleaning tables. {See my review of The Habit: their manager never greets customers, can't solve from behind a door, always hiding in his office.} Freddy's Manager was OUTFRONT, ALL THE TIME, WORKING HARD! burger. Next time I'll get the custard. I was too full from my triple cheese, CALIFORNIA STYLE-BABY! [SEP]
4	I Blu Burger. If you're a burger and to have it your way, this is a choice for you. There's a lot of competition in the gourmet burger market these days. Delux is the Phoenix original and I'm a big fan. Stax (in Old Town) is also very good. I mention these others because, while I Blu Burger, I wouldn't drive from Old Town all the way up to N. Scottsdale for it....I'd just go to Stax. And, versa. Blu Burger holds its own and does a job, but not that I'm going to drive all the way across town for their take on a custom hamburger.If you've got a group, Blu Burger is choice for variety. They have veggie, turkey, and salmon burgers, in addition to salads and sandwiches (egg salad, anyone?). So, unless your friends are finicky, there should be something to please everyone. I also the fact that onion rings and potato fries are as sides.All in all, Blu Burgers is 4-stars all the way. Yummy food. service. They do the gourmet burger thing and you'll walk away full and happy. [SEP]
4	Hey Guys, This place is awesome....but I could be because of all the wines I sampled! From the gris, cabs, shiraz, riesling to the chardonnay, this shop had what we were looking for and what we weren't looking for! The atmosphere was and for a Thursday night get together. Our hostess was and doted to our every need. The food was amazing. I completely the crocodile pot stickers. For exotic wines and exotic meats appetizers, look up Down Under Wines! [SEP]
3	I've got to hand it to & Final for providing some economic pricing options for both name brand products and supplies. It's a visit to save some big bucks by shopping here. This is one of my go-to stops for party supplies plates, cups, napkins, water, etc. Think of & Final the Dollar Store meets Costco. [SEP]
2	Stopped in on a whim. The whole plaza gives me the (although I do Yucca tap room and Capistrano's). But besides the plaza giving me the feeling, that even an mid-aged man could victim to a mid-day rape, I on. The rewards were less than stellar. I cruised the aisles of items looking for something I could purchase to add to my already cluttered abode. No dice. Everything is in that period, where it isn't old to be collectible, cool, or culturally relevant yet nothing is new to provide an upgrade. The only thing I thought was was a couple CDs in the music section, but I already had the albums on my IPOD. I didn't see anyone else buying anything either but everyone did stop to talk to the old cooter working the register. He looks he may be a plethora of knowledge and stories. I'm not trying to steer people away, just saying I didn't have any luck, but then again I didn't seek from the prophet dishing advise and offering a harbor to those fearing the dayrape. [SEP]
4	I have been to the Freddy's location in Gilbert several times and really it so when I saw a Freddy's had opened in my hood I was excited. My daughter and I went over for some dessert and they did not dissappoint! The custard was and creamy with lots of toppings to choose from. I have not tried the burgers at this location yet but if they are anything the other location they will be very tasty. And don't forget to try the shoestring fries. I usually fries but these are and crispy and delicious! I'm so Freddy's took over this location. [SEP]
4	with a deep beer list. set up if you live bands delivering music from up on high while drinking micro brews. Lots of tv's and selection of Az brews. [SEP]
4	Took Mom for dinner Monday night. This was the second time I took her here, and it'll be the last! Guess Tapino just isn't for her. Out of the three small plates we shared, she only the lamb kabob over quinoa ($9). It was the second-best dish of the three I enjoyed.I'd wanted to try a glass of rose ($7), since Mom is a fan, but she was too to have wine, so I'll have to bookmark that for next visit. We started w/ the butternut ravioli w/ sage butter ($8; mmm... I brown butter and sage... My Mom, however, doesn't). I the creaminess of the puree against the slight toothiness of the ravioli. The sage butter added just salt to the dish, while the toasted candied pecan bits on added crunch! How I wished I had all three pieces! (She ate one and didn't even it! How infuriating! LOL)The second dish we tried was the baked escargots w/ butter, parsley, lemon, and puff pastry ($7). Compared to the multi-faceted ravioli dish, this was a bit disappointing. While I the textures that the snails and crunchy puff pastry offered (TOO crunchy, if you ask me! Those babies were bordering on hard! Where's the puff?, I ask.), the butter and parsley treatment flat. Mom again only had one. I believe there were 6 total. Don't misunderstand- I still ate all the rest... I was hungry!! :DLast, but not the least, came the skewer of lamb kabob (3 pcs; $9) w/ bell peppers and onions, served over saffron quinoa w/ cucumber sauce (served on the side). Thankfully, the lamb pieces were savory not to have needed the sauce. the quinoa.Check out the photos I took... I'll have to take a photo of the ravioli on my next visit! [SEP]
2	Personally, I used to come here a lot more often than I do. I've noticed, what I feel to be, a rather slide in the quality in the food. The carne asada burrito I recently got tasted okay, but the meat tasted lesser quality than I was used to. The guacamole was a bit than i like. I gave them this score due to them having much history with me and I hope/think/suspect they had a day. If they do or next time, I'll post something that will reflect it. [SEP]
4	This place has really delicious, fattening brownies. They are really quite delicious, although they are pricey. They do have really sales, though! These make you gifts to people (we've sent quite a few) and we haven't had a flavor we haven't liked! [SEP]
4	Here's an update, because the buffet is out at lunchtime only now, with a regular menu at dinnertime:This old place continues to be one of my restaurants in the Valley, after 1 1/2 years & many visits. It's friendly, inexpensive, & (even with lots of customers), & always satisfying.This time I started with a bowl of Menudo, a salad & several kinds of fruit, tasty Cole Slaw, & then headed for the Mexican table. Had some Spanish Rice, refried beans, a beef taquito, an beef tamale (hand made, not some fast-food thing pretending to be a tamale!), & more, but saving room for some Chinese.The tasty treats over at the Chinese table included TERRIFIC, big, meaty barbecued pork ribs, really & crispy & Pork (Hey Iain!), just-right rice, a steamed veggies dish in fish juice that included such treats as Chinese Snow Peas, all cooked just enough, & so on.What a lunch for $5.59! [SEP]
5	Romantic, quaint, amazing! We were referred here by a couple of long time Phoenix locals, and we were so we took their advice. We ordered a white pizza, a anti-pasta appetizer, and bottle of Chianti. We were able to get a table outside and the atmosphere! date spot... [SEP]
4	Went here for a saturday lunch with a girlfriend. The building is and beautiful, very clean. I'm not generally a Scottsdale crowd type of gal, but the place was nice, and the music was too. The menu looked so that we had a time deciding what to get. Our waiter was very kind, didn't try to rush us, and gave us plenty of time to decide. We had a house salad, chips, and an order of sliders. The house salad seemed a bit over priced for what it was, but the chips were really good! The sliders were average, and priced.I really want to go back and try a hour sometime to try more of the small plates, our only was that the order of chips was BIG, we could only finish half of it. A half sized portion would have been perfect, though! [SEP]
5	Another vacation that started and ended with US Airways. We arrived/departed on time both ways. My normal sized butt still fits in seats so no there. I my drink and chitchat with the flight attendants. Brought my own snacks and read a book. All in all a beginning/end to a relaxing vacay with the man friend. [SEP]
1	First off I would to the dip on the food network who said this was the chicken he ever ate. Yeah the place is filthy, but how they operate their business is redicolus. Service sucks, 49 minute wait for the food sucks, waiting 20 minutes from the first entree being dropped off until the last person luckily receives their food sucks, being told on the 59th minute of a hour wait for your food, that they are out of your side dishes, sucks, spending my earned money at a place that is Ass backwards in any kind of business sense, sucks. At first our group thought it was a joke, then the reverse theory was brought up, then we noticed that every table was experiencing the same of service. Black, white, purple,orange. They just sucked. [SEP]
3	Its not in a shell gas station anymore and i that Guy would never visit the new location on his show. I ordered the El Pastor burrito and i didn't it at all, very dry and just not to my liking. I would never order it again but I'm sure there are alot of people out there that it. The salsa was and i couldn't get of it. I ate half of a bean and cheese burrito and i really that also, not the tortillas ever but they are possibly #3. I would could back and id to try some other type of burrito or some carne asada tacos. [SEP]
4	Open 24 hours on week-ends, seating area (good for studying or hanging out and chatting), very welcoming clientele, and broad selection of coffee drinks, non-coffee drinks, and desserts, fruits, and random snacks.The coffee isn't but not either. The Wi-Fi, while free, is fickle. One of my two favourite coffee places in Tempe (other is Cartel off University & Ash). [SEP]
5	I this place! People are very and very restaurant. I come here with co workers for lunch on a weekly basis. I order a gyro pita and side of Greek fries, so delicious! The salads are huge and tasty as well. The Greek fries are with feta cheese and a butter sauce they put over the fries. I can eat here everyday! [SEP]
4	fish and crispy onion rings....yum! [SEP]
4	Midday parking at this place is seriously a joke, but such is the case with a lot of midtown lunch spots. Pizza was great, my East Coast hailing girlfriend gave it a thumbs up, which for an AZ pizza place is a huge kudos. We came to check out both this and the adjoining Pink Spot Coffee and Ice cream. We ate on the ice cream side, so I can't comment much on the decor of the Z Pizza side. ingredients, not the usual suspects, so that is a change. I will pay for quality pizza, so the price was in line for the quality of the food.It did a ton of lunch business but was and the staff was and not their life, which is always . [SEP]
5	Awesome.So much than parking on site.Safe and prices keep me coming back.Flying during a busy time, go to their website to make a reservation...that's a reservation! Also print out a coupon for a couple bux off per day. [SEP]
5	My family and I ate here Saturday night.....based on the reviews of Yelp.We were not disappointed, as a matter of fact, we were surprised with every aspect of our evening. When you arrive at Bobby Q's, the outside makes it feel as if you are about to walk into a dive. However when you turn the corner and walk in the door, that is not the case. Very ambiance throughout the entire restaurant. They had mood lighting! I low mood lighting! Our server was very and helpful. Our meals were excellent. My husband got the Chicken Chicken and I got the Sirloin. We started with the corn bread, which was delicious! I don't care if it feel apart at least it wasn't dry! My sirloin was cooked a Medium and well. I really it and I steak. Surprisingly the roasted corn was one of my favorites of the night, I don't usually gobble up corn when I get it with dinner, but man, this was some corn! My husbands chicken chicken was perfect. Pounded thin, with a light crispy batter, I to say it, but it might have been than Texaz Grill's chicken! It was tasty. My son got the oven cooked pepperoni pizza and it was a large portion for the $4.00 price tag, he even took some home. Our food was excellent, there wasn't one thing we didn't like, the food was hot, the service was great, the atmosphere was great, we will return! [SEP]
4	More a comment than a review. it to say, I L-O-V-E this store! Much to my surprise and they are opening a second store at 75th and Cactus! in my own backyard , don't ya know. hoo! Now all we need for the NW valley is Lee's sandwiches, and a sum joint to complete my Asian trifecta!! [SEP]
1	The staff at this location was and unfriendly!! Also the store itself was not the I have seen! [SEP]
4	I would give it 5 but, I want to try it again to make sure.Very tasty Mole. drinks. atmosphere. service. [SEP]
5	Stephen G. hit the nail on the head - You buy a experience. I was looking for a resort/spa but also wanted to take of horseback riding as much as I could. This resort definitely my expectations - the staff is (friendly, accommodating, etc), the food was delicious, the resort is and the rooms were also and well-maintained. Everyone I encountered went the extra mile with to service. I came back to NYC completely rejuvenated. [SEP]
3	Went to Prado for a birthday and things started off very - it's a dining room, and the live guitar music is a addition. The hostess and maitre d' were both and personable. They pour you a glass of sherry on the way to sit down at the table, a touch of Spain. All so far. However, the food is very hit or miss, as others have suggested. Some dishes really shined (butternut soup, bison short rib, pineapple coconut cake) while others really (one-dimensional gazpacho, chewy calamari, fish overpowered by olive tapenade). My advice: soak in the atmosphere and music at the bar, maybe snack on some tapas, but skip the restaurant unless you're okay with hit-and-miss. Such a shame, too, because I Chef Urciuoli's cuisine when he was at Taggia. [SEP]
3	Sometimes there's a cover, and sometimes there isn't. In true nightclub fashion, you can never really tell what it's going to be either. I've never seen anything happen downstairs. The music has never been good, regardless of the genre that night (Hip Hop, Techno, etc). And, the overall vibe is lackluster.Upstairs, however, is house music heaven. Located outside under the stars, on a relatively small balcony, the vibe is always stellar. Open air, video collages on the walls, and music. I've never been let down yet. Even on a random Wednesday evening recently, when it was almost empty, the music was still amazing.If you live in the Valley, you have to visit the upstairs of Bar Smith at least once. It's fantastic. It's a they've never been able to replicate any of the upstairs to the rest of the club though. [SEP]
2	This was the last valley casino i had yet to visit, should have left it alone. The casino had a array of machines, but they need to up more oftern, or maybe the patrons need to use an ashtray more oftern. yes there is a lot of around, but they have a small area. They also have what looked to be a very cafe, the food looked and the prices were very reasonable, but we were just too to stay. Played for about 2 hours and hardly saw anyone anything, or get any on the slot machines. [SEP]
2	I've been here twice...the first time was driven by a that they made their own root beer. I'm a for homemade root beer, so I had high hopes that this place would become a favorite. My husband and I were so when these huge glasses of RB hit the table!! And then confusion...both of us looked at each other and said WTF??? RB EVER!What the was in this drink that made it taste ass? We looked all over the menu and found nothing. Then we saw the print on a small table sign...STEVIA. It's made with Stevia NOT sugar...I'm sorry, but I have to say that this is the lame-est root beer on the planet. If I'm going to treat myself to a big glass of homemade root beer, I want it to be delectable...sugar and all...no high fructose corn syrup and no artificial sugars (and yes, I know stevia is natural but who gives a crap...it tastes anyway).After the root beer debacle, it didn't get better. The food was meh...service was not so (there were moments of is she ever coming back???). I'd say, go here for the beer, sans root, but that's about it. Otherwise, skip this place and drive out to Four Peaks...you'll be all around. [SEP]
3	When I asked the server where he was from, it to a discussion about how historically trains would stop in Maricopa! All joking aside, this place is a after dinner spot or hour spot to come and chat with a friend about why there are no Amtrack train stops in Phoenix! They have a wine list and I would not really sit outside here because it is nothing really special...but the place has its purpose. [SEP]
5	This place is great! A coworker and I stopped in for lunch this afternoon and was blown away by both the food and staff.You get a large bowl from the cashier and can personally stuff whatever meat, veggies and garnish you want. Then, mix a selection of sauces. Finally, watch the chefs cook your meal on a large heated stone.Everything comes out fresh, and delicious! Want a tip? Use the wax paper next to the chicken to stuff your bowl. Everything will shrink when cooked and this will allow you to have a bigger meal for the same price. [SEP]
4	My mother located this resturant and wanted to go. I of course, looked at the reviews on yelp and was expecting a time wih flavorless food. I went to pepin last night and was surprised to find the opposite. There were 3 adults and 1 child in our party. My 2 1/2 yo decided to get the moment we sat down. The place was about 1/2 full. Our waitress came over to our table and started to take drink orders. My mother didn't the location of the table so they moved us to a table of her satisfaction. The waitress saw my child was squirmy and offered to get her food out away which she did. I had the red sangria. It was but I've had better. My mother had the tiramisu drink that was so it knocked her sandles off but it was good. I had the paella which was and tasty. My mom had lamb which she enjoyed. I forgot what the 3rd party had but he his. My baby had chicken fingers and fries which were actually sliced potato and she ate most of it. The entertainment was great! I kept laughing to myself about the other reviewer who said they were intent on driving nails through the floor. Yes they were stomping up a storm but it was great. My baby was so entertained and yelling and clapping. Everyone was entertained by her too. Our bill came to $123 which is not for food and entertainment. Oh it was saturday night about 6:15pm [SEP]
5	food and drink. The traditional margaritas are the best. Sara was our server and she was very knowledgable about the menu and was quite entertaining. The cheese enchilada that I had was one of the ever. [SEP]
4	Sadly, another victim of Tempe Marketplace Mill Ave --this Z Gallerie location is closing and they're liquidating the inventory. If you've had your eye on something for a while, get your tuchus in there STAT! The entire store is 30% and sale items get an additional 10% as of this week. I got a $149 candelabra I'd been eyeballing for months -- for $40!! It was already on sale at 70% off and they threw in an additional 10% off the sale price. Cannot beat that with a bat! [SEP]
3	Definitely a choice for some quick healthier alternatives. Wraps with quality ingredients. [SEP]
2	the of the place. I only wish they had a burger that did not taste as if it were boiled. And yes, I tried this place a couple times wanting to it. [SEP]
4	I went here for a birthday party it was a group of 9 and everyone got service. It was in taste but more than some of the ones that were closer to me in Mesa. I would go back but only as a group. If you are closer to this place than say Sushi Ave go here you wont be dissappointed. [SEP]
4	I have eaten here twice now and this place is phenomenal! price and food. I highly the baked ziti! I will go back at least twice a month. [SEP]
3	Chicken schnitzel was amazing. Service was and server didn't know the menu. Didn't know what a knish was. [SEP]
5	I this location, and I this product. I think the prices are considering the quality of product you are getting. If you've only been to the Scottsdale Fashion Square location and it, give this one a try. It's got a much vibe and is a lot less packed. Walked in was helped, she grabbed what I needed and I was off. It took all of 15 minutes even with picking out a totally new foundation then I used before. [SEP]
4	I've been going to this place for years, and they have always stayed true to their own style. The place is a bit shabby, but the food is delicious. Their prices are decent, not too not too cheap. The staff is enough, and if anything ever goes wrong, they have no fixing it.All in all, a place to grab a slice of pizza. [SEP]
2	It me to say this, fue to the fact that I local businesses in my hood and I fully them, but here is another restaurant that I wish would have been better...Good news...More restaurants opening in Downtown, more options especially late night options...Bad news...More restaurants opening in Downtown wanting to make a quick buck but does not deliver on food and quality...I came here with a couple of friends really to try the only sushi restaurant in DT open for dinner. There has been some review on the place and I wanted to give it a chance...I should have gone north to Hana or Yasu!Walking in, I noticed the decor was another warehouse looking restaurant trying to be modern...only thing is , its not. From the neon lights under bar to the wood paneling to the tin tables, chairs, and barstools...its been done 30 times over. I wish it had more character, a little bit more distinctive. We are in the art district. I don't want to walk in a restaurant that looks similar to ones that are already open in the same area? Okay with that, the artist in me is rambling again..sorry..back to the food review.Food: The menu to me was a little confusing. For being a Sushi joint, it had so many other things also, mostly stirfry items. I decided to stick to what I came here to try, sushi. I ordered squid salad to start. I should not have ordered that to start. The salad was so salty and it was in dressing...bad start...I then ordered some sashimi including saba, shrimp, and of course my toro. I was a little that they did not have uni..how can you not have uni! Saba...not bad...Sweet Shrimp....foul tastingToro.....couldn't even bite through itA sushi joint has to have fish...good sushi needs to be executed by a sushi chef with skills...simple as that..When your fish is not that and your sushi chef fish slicing techniques are not there, you have a combo.My friend out of had the head chef make us something...He brought out the geisha roll.Spicy tuna is not my thing but out of courtesy, we did ask him to pick, I tried it..it was ok, again I am not too on chopped up tuna, which in this case tasted it was food processed. A little too mushy..Drinks:Beers: Been done. Infused vodkas: Been done Cocktails: Been done.Good Points: staff, Teapots, and restroomsAll in all, I guess I was hoping for a sushi joint that was more and with equally skills to execute. Maybe I am too harsh. Or maybe I am just saying it how it is...As I left the joint, I felt I have been to a sushi restaurant that so many times before...Hopefully they will with less customers unlike myself..best of luck!! [SEP]
2	I know... I know... it's Phoenix but I expected something far better. Perhaps my mistake. Located in what looks an old food location this is a no frills, no cart, and no sum experience. Don't think I will be going back (for many reasons) but if you are craving some bao or need a dumpling fix this place will do... just dont expect much. [SEP]
5	This place is as as I'd heard. We came here for a day-late birthday dinner for my middle daughter/Father's Day dinner for her husband. She and his six-year old daughter ordered a Hawaiian style with pineapple and ham, he and I got the Margherita Pizza with garlic, tomatoes, olive oil, basil, mozzarella, and romano cheese. Both were so delicious! He also got some chicken wings which were and juicy and not spicy at all, dipped in either of two sauces, ranch or marinara. The pizza's were about $13 each for the larges. I usually have no quitting after two slices but the flavor squishing around in my mouth was so I couldn't resist taking a third piece at this place. The decor was and the service was great--the server checked back several times to see if we were doing okay or needed anything. I would definitely be a regular if I lived near here. On a side note, next door is the Aloha Kitchen which we had eaten at about a week ago and was also very good!62010 [SEP]
4	I am a shoe addict. I also a bargain. Whenever I am and have a little time on my hands, I to take a walk through DSW. I think it is kind of playing dress up. You can try on anything and everything. Such fun! This location is one of the ones I have visited. It is well-organized, and the stock turns over regularly. It is one of those hit or places - I will either leave with nothing or with an amount of new footwear. You just never know. It has a large clearance section as - if you have the to look, bargains can often be found. Definitely sign up for their rewards program - you will receive coupons regularly - yay! hunting! [SEP]
4	place for breakfast. Prices were and food was good. [SEP]
3	I can't comment on the donuts (which is seeing as that's the main draw here), but I was with the boba smoothies. They're definitely not anywhere close to being great, but for someone who's not about boba, they're really refreshing. The boba itself was kind of mediocre, but it had a flavour and wasn't too sweet. I got a taro smoothie and a honeydew smoothie. The honeydew tasted surprisingly for being from a powdered mix, it was just drinking a honeydew melon. The taro was even better, although the drinks were a bit too icy for me. They were a lot after I let the ice melt a bit, but who wants to wait? [SEP]
3	Singray is good. The location is but there is never parking due to the other businesses around. Not walking so far in heels. :) The sashimi was fresh, but miso was a little too salty. Also they gave us oshibori towels when we sat at the sushi bar. I think I the new Sushi location next to AZ88. Once I was able to find it. Very feel and food. Heard Stingray is opening another location by my house. (Biltmore area) Maybe parking will be better. [SEP]
5	Let me begin by telling you about my horribly of going to the dentist. It's epic. Weeks before an appointment I start having nightmares. Thinking about sitting in the dental chair makes me out in a sweat. I require nitris oxide for a simple cleaning. The sound of the drill is to make me want to claw my face off. Basically, every visit has been the experience ever for the past 30 years....Enter Dr. Marcia Blazer. I read about her online when searching for a local dentist here in Scottsdale. I literally googled dentists for patients, and her name popped up. Her website appeared too to be true. They offered nitris (plus), offered non options for dental procedures (double plus), and offered a staff used to accomodating those with a dose of dental fear.I went in for my first visit (a cleaning and exam), and I was at how they made me feel. They were and friendly, and put me at immediately. During the cleaning, my least part is always when they use the scrapy,pointy device to off all the plaque at the gumline. How was I when they used an air abrasion tool instead...felt a stream of water on your teeth, and BAM, they're clean! They were so calming, that when I was informed that I had 2 cavities, I didn't even have a at the thought of coming in.Fast forward two weeks to my filling appointment. I had requested nitris (hey, I was feeling but still anxious), which they had all set up in the room for me when I walked in. Now here's my part. As I sat in the chair, the assistant brought over two big boxes full of dvd's and asked me what movie I would to watch during the procedure...What?? So I picked a lighthearted comedy (50 First Dates). I was then given eliminating headphones to use (goodbye drilling sound), nitris (hello gas), and a few hand signals to recognize if I was supposed to open or close my mouth. And we were off! She didn't try to maintain conversation (soooo when dentists do that), and before I knew it she was done and I was because my movie wasn't quite over! I was even told that had my dentist not needed the room I was in for another patient, that I would have been to stay and just finish the movie!I have had several interactions with this office since then (regarding billing and follow up), and every time it is a to deal with them. I highly this office to anyone! [SEP]
4	I their bruschetta. I get cravings for it and have to eat it at least once a month. I've always had servers, although they can be with getting the food out. I was here last Saturday morning and the man next to me walked out without eating because first his order got and never sent to the kitchen. then when they finally took his order they still made him wait a long time for his food. that was probably just a all around, but I felt for the guy. [SEP]
5	Stinkweeds shaped my formative years. Really.I started shopping at the (now gone) Tempe location when I was 15. I had a few older friends into independent music who introduced me to this record store. I begged my parents for rides and, when that wasn't happening, hopped on the bus for the hour-long trek. Totally it. 100%. I can't tell you how many bands I began listening to just because I would browse the selection endlessly for something that looked interesting. If I needed something specifically, Stinkweeds would order it for me if they didn't already have it in stock. The staff was always welcoming and helpful, sometimes offering their own suggestions.But it's just a record store, right? Wrong. Stinkweeds is the jewel of Phoenix, as far as I am concerned. Now that it's out in central Phoenix, I make it in far less. Total bummer! [SEP]
5	Three cheers to Yelp for me find where in the Valley to go for real beef jerky! The stuff which has more beef than chemicals. (The store packages just were not doing it for me!) After checking out the website, I emailed friends in Las Vegas (who used to live in Minnesota), asking if they were familiar with Von Hanson's. (They have 21 locations in Minnesota - and ONE in Chandler.)My roommate and I went on July 2. They were running a special for NY strips - buy one, get one - so that was added to the plan in addition to the jerky.SCORE! We picked up a half pound each of the peppered and the cajun spicy. $18/lb. The NY strips were (if memory serves...) $14.99/lb, and the steaks were averaging a little over 3/4 lb - so for the BOGO sale - it brought the meat down to regular grocery prices. I have to say - the quality of the meat is amazing! Just looking at the cuts in the display case, I can declare Von Hanson's makes AJ's look Fry's! These were GORGEOUS! Quite possibly the prettiest steaks I've ever seen!I also grabbed a couple ears for my dog, and the roommate picked up a package of her kind of sausage (linguisa).Admittedly, I am not a sausage expert. Plus, I live very close to Schreiner's - so while I would have no buying sausage from Von Hanson's, I wouldn't make the hike to Chandler just for those. The selection was quite impressive, though!Overall - this place has everything for carnivorial happiness! (Hey - if you understood the context, it's a word, right?) selection of beef, chicken and pork products. Tons of spices, sauces, rubs and marinades. selection of unique beer and wines. Fridge and freezer cases with more meats, sides, and desserts! Yes, it's - but the quality is certainly there to justify it.Once home, we grilled up the steaks using our rub. OMG meat! Probably the steak I've had in YEARS - and NY strip isn't even my cut of choice!The peppered beef is full of YUM - and this is so to write - but the Cajun is a bit spicy for my taste. (And I spicy!) It's good, and addictive - but almost requires a beer to go along with it to help cut the heat.The Vegas via Minnesota friends emailed back Monday - they know Von Hanson's quite - and are there isn't one in Vegas - it would the weekly grocery budget with how often they'd be in! They love, love, the place - and I am now under orders to bring them care packages from here whenever I come up to visit!Oh - and Layla (my pooch) was stoked about the ears - so in addition to my five stars, please add two paws up! (I didn't tell her they have a whole dog food and treat section - I am on a budget, after all!) [SEP]
4	Truly a place! The flights are FANTASTIC! The food great! Service also great! Try this place! --- Seriously the fewer words to describe the the better. [SEP]
5	How could you write a review about a mountain? sight to see. [SEP]
4	We stayed at the Sheraton downtown and Matt's was a short walk. Definitely the walk, and it to justify eating such a large breakfast. There is probably something there that is not very good, but we did not find it. When you get there, make sure you check in with the person running the register [SEP]
4	this place over other clothing exchanges in the area. staff...store is usually when I go in which is as I cannot stand crowds! Mens selection is a little .. however when I go there it's usually just to sell. On that note, they pay you 5% more of the retail value of any of your clothing than Buffalo does! And, it's always to be able to local businesses! [SEP]
5	Business takes me out to Mesa yesterday. After chatting with a friend about possible lunch locations, he tells me about Georges Gyros, near University and Country Club. I decide to give it a try, as it isn't too far from my destination. Situated next door to Sun Liquors, I'm surprised I hadn't been there before, or, for that matter, even noticed it. I guess when I hit SDL, I've got tunnel vision. First thing I notice is there appears to be plenty of parking, even at 12:30, for lunch. Outer patio, out into the parking lot, not overly appealing, might be in the evening, I guess? The interior is clean, plenty of seating, a small bar at one end, and a counter from which you place your order. Never having been before, I ask the counter-person for a recommendation. What's good? He suggests the Original Gyro, served with fries or a greek salad. Sounds good, I'll take it with fries. With drink, under $9. A few moments later (actually, I saw three other tables get served, so it seemed a longish wait), a ginormous gyro arrives, with a huge of fries. The gyro was huge, overflowing with, umm, meat, gyro meat, I guess, white onions, diced tomatoes and cucumber sauce (Tzatziki, I think). The meat was cooked, artfully shaved, and tender. The sauce was also very good. The pita? Warm, and tasty. The fries? and brown, and piping hot, about 3-4 times the size of Mickie D's or about 1/2 a 'steak fry'. I was very with the quality of the food, the of the dining area, and the presence of a bar. Most folks were eating gyros, or sized greek salads. Other items on the menu include several different gyros, burgers, sandwiches, a selection of pasta dishes and all kinds of Greek and non-Greek appetizers. I plan on coming back, perhaps before a foray into Sun Liquors... [SEP]
2	Bleh! I've heard things about this place from my sister's friends (notice, I didn't say my friends) and I've always been curious. Errand days are kinda anyway, so I was to finally check this place out. The reason I order a doughnut that is stripped off glaze and topping is that I'd to taste the actual product. Two doughnuts for my little guy and me for $1.60. As the girl handed me the paper bag I was extra careful handling it for nothing. doughnuts? Am I just so used to piping beignets? off the first bite, I could feel the hydrogenated oils coating the roof of my mouth. Then the second bite, the feeling is now in my throat. Eeek! I asked my son what he thought. It's okay, he stared at the doughnut and looked up at me. I grab his doughnut and along with mine threw both in the paper bag it came with and chucked it. Honestly, it would have been to fry these things in lard. There is something about chemically laden food that I most!Would I give it a second chance? Not until they change their frying oil!Sorry, Bosa. One star is for the service and the other star is for being a local chain. [SEP]
3	I used to frequent this restaurant years and years ago. I was a student at the Deer Valley airport, and eventually a flight instructor as well. It was a location with views. The food was always descent the the service was great. Nothing too exciting, but a place. [SEP]
5	YOWZA! I this place. I had heard things about this place before and actually received some of the olives and olive oil as a gift last year. I decided to take my mom and try it out for lunch. The food was good, but the thing for me is that they have Cerignola olives! This was music to my ears when they told me they had them. I have been looking everywhere, checking every grocery store, gourmet shop in Chandler and Tucson and nobody has them. I can't wait to go back and try the rest of their menu! Oh and expect a little off roading, the parking lot is gravel :) [SEP]
4	First of all note the name changed to AMF Scottsdale Lanes.Hey it doesn't smell! Its a bowling alley and I can imagine spending a few hours here I did tonight with my Phoenix Forty Women's Club. The bar is very for a bowling alley. They even have a pool table! They serve food and drinks to your lanes with waiter service. All the lanes, screens and scoring boards are new, and state of the art. There's no old carpet to be avoided either, which is of bowling alleys I have been in! Prices for rental equipment and lane use is average cost. I had a time and will definitely return to the faculties again and again. Oh and the staff were so and professional also! [SEP]
5	Let me preface this story with the fact that it was not my little guy who I had to take in. I am dog sitting my friend's dog. They are on vacation. Dr. Alber and his staff were unbelievable. I called at 5:15. They got me in at 5:30. Dr. Alber spent 40 minutes with me. Explained everything to me thoroughly. Little just has and an eye but it was making him miserable. Dr. Alber gave me a plan of to care for it. EXTREMELY COST EFFECTIVE. $70 out the door, RX in hand and a tube of eye drops. I am in awe. I will this clinic to everyone I know. I just cannot say things about these people. YOU ANIMAL CLINIC. YOU ROCK!!!!!!! I will now be taking my own little guy there. You guys are now the only vet I will ever use. [SEP]
3	for the size of the facility and equipment available. The staff is enough, and seeing as how its the closest 24 hour fitness place in this neighborhood, i suppose they get away with the price :) [SEP]
3	I burgers and really wanted to The Grind, but it wasn't meant to be. I had with the temperatures, both the restaurant and the food.I was here with my girlfriend on a Tuesday night. The restaurant itself is appointed, with a sleek, look and feel. It was close to full, but staff were still and efficient. The $5/glass wine special they were running was very nice. I has the peppercorn burger with potato fritters. The fritters were very nice, crunch without being greasy, and not overly sweet. The burger was composed with toppings and flavors - the watercress in particular stood out. Unfortunately, the burger was also well, done, and I had ordered medium. I should have sent it back, but was hungry and didn't want to wait. For a burger joint missing a temperature on a burger is and it a lot of the the rest of the ingredients had built up. The bread pudding for wasn't the I've ever had, but was and the bourbon sauce it came with was a touch. The other I had with The is the temp inside the restaurant. I'll grant that these are the dog days of summer now, and I'm sure it's to keep the place with the half open kitchen, but was in there.With the wine special it was ok value for the money I guess. But on a normal night with $10-12/glass for wine and $10 for a burger with another $4 for fries it's too for my tastes, especially if they aren't hitting temps on the burgers every time. [SEP]
5	Where I had the most thing I ever put in my mouth.This is a of me and my friends, especially for sunday morning brunch. I would say we go at least one time a week. Their Quiche (especially the Goat cheese, caramelized onions, and wallnuts) is the you will ever have and their salad dressing (which is made in house) is equally delicious. The most thing I have ever eaten in my whole life was actually a rose macaroon. I have never had an emotional reaction to a food item before but I swear I almost cried and had flashbacks of my childhood being at the botanical gardens. Any way, if you haven't been here you HAVE to go. Its one of Arizona's few cultural treasures. [SEP]
4	The new, old El Chorro Lodge has been reopened for all of two days, and a friend of a friend managed to a reservation during their opening, so I got an opportunity to check it out. I was impressed, but not blown away. Everything I tasted was quite competent, but if I had to choose a word to describe the menu, I would suggest staid. Perhaps even stodgy, but that may be more than I intend.Review the dinner menu. http://bit.ly/aWqVVJ. There, see what I mean? Replete with Traditional American entrees and sides, at what I would consider prices. I would say that I wouldn't go back to eat this food at these prices, unless someone else was paying. I should note that a big part of why I wasn't is because this place is simply not my style. The wait staff, attired in khakis and blue shirts, was a little too informal for the prices we were paying, I felt. The menu options were a little for my taste. The cocktail menu is exactly not what I'm looking for these days, although I will be very interested to see what Hour looks like. The decor is a tad heavy on the Old Southwest theme, although to be fair, this place not only pulls it off rather but also is among the most authentically old and southwestern establishments in the Phoenix metro area. The patio and open bar are fantastic. The bar area is considerable, and the patio is - up above Lincoln Dr to be quiet, with a view of Camelback, sunset here must be incredible. Anyway, back to the food. Everything was very executed, from the buns we were served upon being seated to the desserts we ordered. I chose the soup of the day to start, a tomato/basil concoction that was quite hearty and thoroughly it. The salads my dining companions ate looked to me, but they all claimed them to be excellent, with the Caesar dressing ever and polenta croutons?!? being the verdict for the Caesar salad, at least. On to the entrees. I ordered the crispy duck, which I found to be and quite hearty, though not what I would call crispy by any means. It was a very sizable portion, and very prepared. My dining companions ordered the pork chop, the lamb, and the salmon, and we each sampled from each other's plates. I would try the lamb if I went back, but the consensus seemed to be that everything was very prepared, with the duck being a winner. It was served with a heap of potatoes (just my mom makes at Thanksgiving - delicious!) and red cabbage, which I sampled and declined to finish. Again, not quite my style. We moved on to dessert - bread pudding with a bourbon glaze and the chocolate cake. The bread pudding was a at the first two or three bites, but grew one-dimensional as I continued nibbling at it. The chocolate cake was decadent, among the I've ever tasted. It was made with a considerable amount of chocolate, which seals the deal for me. And in case you were wondering, my dining companions apparently have no stamina when it comes to dessert. Suckers. Anyway, as I've said now several times, this place is just not quite me. It's totally and very high in quality, but not quite for my taste. I'd to come back for brunch, and once they unveil their hour menu, I'm sure I'll be back to check it out, but I won't be back for dinner unless I can convince someone else to pick up the check at the end of the evening. As a side note, this place is so very Valley. It's a knowing that there is a place that is so anti-scene out there. It's been a little while since I've been both the youngest and among the in a room, and I will say it was a little comforting. Just don't tell the Scottsdale people about this place, and we'll all be happy. [SEP]
5	Gosh Darn It! They had to be good. I was hoping, since they are so close to my home and next to where I shop for groceries most often (Fresh & Easy), that they'd be horrible. Then I'd never have to go again... But, alas...too to not go back, that's for sure!I've said it before, I'll say it again: if you don't a lot of frosting, just wipe off the portion you don't want. Heck, if you're sitting next to me and my kids, they'll eat it for you!!I didn't think I was much of an frosting fan either so I wiped off most from the Chocolate Chip Caramel, only to find that the milk chocolate frosting covered with a caramel drizzle was UH-MAZING! Scraped that heap back in my mouth where it belongs! Yum. Equally it the dense, moist cake (as opposed to light and fluffy texture; these puppies are HEAVY). The White Chocolate Raspberry was chock-full of white chocolate chips and the frosting was not too sweet. It was the prettiest one as well, with white sprinkles and raspberry sauce drizzle. Thoroughly the two other chocolate selections (Texas Milk Chocolate & Midnight Magic) as well--Yes! I had four, but only cut them in half so I could save the rest for (my husband) later.Bonus points for presentation (the box is adorable) and variety. [SEP]
3	The Arizona Science Center offers a series of programs called adult's night out which are held the first Friday of every month. These lectures cover focused overviews on topics ranging from Genetics and Nanotechnology to Native American medicinal utilization of native plants found in the Southwest. There is always science or engineering content but the value and interest of the talks is essentially the somewhat direct non-mass-media poisoned or dumbed down views of the individual speakers themselves. While I would attend the talks regardless I have found additional value in the evening because of the extended hours that the science center offers which allows you to catch an IMAX film and see the latest flavor of exhibit (Body Worlds, Titanic, etc.) after the lecture. I would have to have given the Science Center 4 stars but I am constantly by the science center's staff to get one of the three microphones set up for the speakers ahead of time causing a speaker to 5-10 minutes every month.Beer and wine are for purchase during the event. The adult's night out lectures are free, normal planetarium, IMAX, and special exhibit prices still apply.Arizona Science Center Web Site:www.azscience.orgAdult's Night Out:www.azscience.org/adults_night_out.php [SEP]
5	This place is an experience. I can't stop thinking about it!!! I the flavors (Basil Lime?) and everything tastes so and organic. It's to have something this close by our house! A true pleasure. [SEP]
5	Being from Sweden you just salmon and at Le Chalet you can get a delicous Nordique Crepe with salmon! Never had anything that in Sweden! Besides the crepe and service from the owner Alain Keller I was also treated to a laughing experience. They have a comedy show twice a month. place to eat and have a evening! [SEP]
1	Very location but food was awful. Had a chicken salad yuck. Service stunk big time! [SEP]
5	This is a little airport which is very if you are travelling to the Tempe/Mesa area, or already know people who live there. I say it's convenient-- if you are flying in from Island or Forks or City or East Bugtussel, since the only commercial tenant at this decomissioned air force base is Allegiant Airlines, which specializes in flying you from nowhere to somewhere (Phoenix, Las Vegas, Orlando that sort of thing). But from landing to sitting in my rental car it was maybe 20 minutes and I was heading out to lunch in the Phoenix area (don't with purchasing the snacks on the flight, just make sure you are prepared beforehand). [SEP]
4	Post-annual-review day, I wanted to treat myself to a baller lunch, so Stingray at the Biltmore (BFP) came to mind! And it was a first impression!If you are not accustom to the map of BFP, its located walking distance from the epicenter of everything, but its the little cardio!After stepping through some remodeling projects around BFP, I finally arrived to an artistic, entrance. And what I mean is you are fronted by a very tall, Japanese inspired wooden door with trimming. So far so good! =)I open up and was greeted immediately by the Host and was offered to sit either at the bar/lounge section or the contemporary, bamboo decor dining area. I chose bamboo for the lounge seating.After being seated, I noticed a feng shui touch they had was placing a bamboo plant centerpiece next to a little pouring jar of soy sauce and a cloth they brought out to cleanse your hands with! What a lunch so far and I haven't even talked about the food yet! =)As always, beverage comes first and I decided on a mango ice tea! C'est bon! It had the balance, not too much tea and not too much mango! Some places is really in trying to get the balance!So after spending a 5 minutes and another 5 minutes and asking the waiter what is and not too filling, I opted for the Yakinuku, which is thinly sliced, NY strip steak with sauteed veggies drizzled with soy sauce. I was content with my selection--now the waiting. At this point I thought I gaze around and started to take mental notes on the high-end wall decorations and I mean HIGH-END! Time elapsed and my food arrived. The presentation was just as as everything else around me. This place was on a roll! Before I dipped my chopsticks in to my protein dish, I had to take a quick snap for my Facebook upload. And finally, I went in for the kill! Très délicieux! It tasted as much as it great! BTW, it came with a side of white rice (not sure if brown is an option--didn't ask). I thought the meat was cooked to a with the amount of vegetables topped with very flavorful sauce. It filled me up just right. I typically do not order dessert, but because I actually had room to spare and this place was on roll a game, I decided to order their green tea ice cream! All I can is, perfect, as expected. I've had this before at other places and its either just as or a little better.What can I say? Stingray hit a home run for a lunch escape from the office. I plan on doing it again! [SEP]
4	If the melting pot exists, the cheeseburger may be its most palpable product; to take a bite of it is to take a bite of history...-Elizabeth Rozin, Primal CheeseburgerWho could argue with that statement? Checked out Delux Burger today; Delux is a burger joint that gets some serious buzz and numerous Burger from the local media. They are also a late night since they serve food until 2 AM. This gives them street credit in my opinion.The dining companion, otherwise known as L. joined me for this burger excursion this evening; we arrived around 10:00 PM for a late supper. The seating is a bit in the dining room and the patio. The Delux menu is very limited, meeting my personal rule for just do what you do best. We both ordered the signature entree, the Delux Burger($9.5), starring a half-pound of freshly ground Harris Ranch beef; cast includes a toasted demi baguette topped with Maytag and Gruyère cheeses, caramelized onions, applewood smoked bacon and organic arugula. We also ordered the Combination Fries a la cart ($6) which came out before the Burgers. The fries were fantastic! They were served in a mini shopping cart (making them to share) and included french and potato fries. Two sauces were also included with the fries, a standard ketchup and a house aioli which resembled a thousand island type sauce with some kick. The burgers came out shortly after the fries. They were looking before we took the first bite - in size and the beef was cooked. Delux recommends to order their burgers at medium rare allowing them to showcase the juiciness of the beef; L. and I ordered our burgers medium and they were prepared perfectly. As we bit into these of art, the beefy oozed flavor onto our palate. The beef truly is the star of this show, however cast it without taking away from the flavor of the beef. This burger really hit the spot.I was able to command and conquer this burger, however L. was only able to one half and took the other half home. Adam from Man Vs. Food would have been so with her. A few other factors that Delux offers: service, beer selection, which are primarily microbrews from across the country, and prices. If Delux has a weakness, it's an atmosphere that's a bit and possibly even slightly pretentious, but the burgers are so that it's overruled.Overall, a experience... and another bite into burger history. [SEP]
4	I've not stayed at this resort, but have been here twice; once for a wedding and the other for a Lunch & Learn event. Valet service each time was quick and the guys were professional and pleasant. The grounds of the resort are kept and there were skies and greenery everywhere I looked; so beautiful.Lunch & Learn (Aug 18th):The event started a little past noon and ended a little past 3pm. We reserved for six, but it's based on a first come, first served basis. Two of us arrived a little after 11:30am and after paying our respective $75 fee, went to find a table that would us views of the chef's station. the tables (with direct views of the chef's station) had Reserved placards on them, so we ended up with one off to the of the chef's station. I would arriving early to grab seats; tables are set for ten. There are two large TV screens in the room, in case you're not able to see the chef directly. Our event was hosted by Chef MacMillan (gave the guests a few laughs), with featured guest chef Kevin Binkley (owner of Binkley's Restaurant in Creek). The servers weren't and kept our water and wine glasses full. We started off with a glass of champagne, which wasn't great, but was and added to the ambiance. For this event, we were served three courses: an appetizer (chilled cucumber soup), entrée (two-wash ranch chicken), and dessert (huckleberry semi-fredo). Each course was paired with a different glass of wine: John Anthony Sauvignon Blanc (white, appetizer), Andre Brunel Cote du Rhone (red, entrée), and Pietro Rinaldi Moscato d'asti (dessert). I'm not usually a fan of Sauvignon Blanc (I Riesling), but the John Anthony me over. Chef Binkley went over his background and demonstrated the process that goes with making the chilled cucumber soup (which is quite involved). The soup, albeit a bit salty, was SO good. Everyone raved about it, and the part of the dish for me was the charred red onion. The two-wash ranch chicken entrée was overall; however, my chicken was a bit dry and to cut. This might be a one-off thing since others at the table said their chicken was moist. the potato puree and Chantrell mushrooms. The only real I had was the of a demo for the entree and dessert. With that said, I can understand why the chef needed to be in the kitchen...after all, we needed to eat, right? ;POther highlights:* Live band entertained with hits (a bit though for lunchtime)* Recipes to take home* Q & A with the chef (and photo ops)* Raffles for a few prizes, which two of my friends (a gift box of caramel brownies and one-night stay at the Sanctuary with dinner)Wedding (Friday, March 23rd):The ceremony was held at 5pm on the grounds near the ballroom. The weather was a bit warm, but not unbearably so. The bride and groom were (so was the service), but it was a bit to see people observing us from the windows of the Jade Bar, which overlooked the grounds where the ceremony was held.After the ceremony, we took a short hike up the stairs for cocktail hour, held just outside the ballroom. It was such a experience to have a glass of wine, nibble on hors d'oeuvres, chat with friends, and watch the sun go down (with the mountains as a backdrop).The reception was held in the ballroom and was decorated beautifully. The food was great, the wine and alcohol was flowing, and the live (Latin) band made for a evening. My friend used Sanctuary's wedding planner (and caterer) and they did a job. [SEP]
4	This place looks inside and has a vibe. First the downsides: menu can actually be a little overwhelming, you get the impression the staff is overworked/crazy busy (how long does it take to make tea?) to the point where if there are more than four people ahead of you in line, you want to shoot yourself. Unless you have nowhere to be, ever. Upsides: huge selection, staff (paralyzing indecision? that's what they're there for), ambiance, coolness factor. I need to try the food here. [SEP]
4	I came to this place for my birthday with my fiance and another couple. I was definitely in a mood.THE FOODFirst, the salad bar. I am not much of a veggie lover, but the selection here is impressive, especially in light of this being a place where you eat the cow, not the cow's food. Besides a of veggies and dressings, you have a few cut meats, cheeses and smoked salmon to select from. From personal experience, tomatoes are good, all cheeses and meats are too. Salmon was simply delicious.For the main course, it's all sorts of meat, mostly varieties of beef plus lamb and chicken. I all of them, but most of the beef was a salty to my taste (hence the of a star). Some of it can be explained by my getting the first cut off the meat several times, which meant that I got the salt seasoning in addition to the salt in the meat. That aside, the meat is high quality and the main objective here is to remember not to get too much too soon, so you can everything the place has to offer.Sides were small (as they should be) and included polenta, potatoes and bananas. All good.The wine selection is extensive and from our tasting, quite good. We had Cabernet and malbec.SETTINGThis is a rather large stand alone restaurant, but has surprisingly personal feeling, especially if you consider the amount of staff running around. It is not too brightly lit and has generally tones to the interior. There is also a bar to the side of the main entrance that is a place to wait for others to arrive.SERVICEAttentive and not at all pushy.OVERALLI came here in a mood and left in an even mood and feeling a python after eating a cow. Which was close to true amount of food in me. Highly this both for the experience and the food itself. [SEP]
4	I've only hiked Camelback once, but I felt so (albeit winded, and mere minutes away from passing out).We started the hike at 6 in the morning, and got to watch the sunrise while we made our way up the trail. I thought it wasn't going to be a hike, but things get about two-thirds up. Things starting getting vertical at some points, and I wasn't really prepared for that.It was totally it once we got to the top, though - gorgeous, 360 view of the Phoenix metro area (and really, much more than that). And watching the sunrise with someone special is too. [SEP]
4	Very but need to on the bathroom [SEP]
5	I just have to tell you that this place is amazing. Not only is the food notch so is the service. It is a rare find to get food, a environment and service at a price all rolled into one. The homemade sausage is excellent, the pizza is perfect, the choice of deli meats is extensive and homemade side salads (red potato dill is my favorite) and everything on the menu is fantastic. I have read that people say the wait is long, (which I find unfounded) but when you are considering what you are getting, the wait means nothing. I have waited longer for Sysco reheated food in a restaraunt (bleh) and had service. I would take a 10 min longer wait for really good, food any day. If you can't that then maybe chain restaurants is where you should stay. We really do our to stay away from those and finding places Defalco's is really tough. We will continue to be customers and spread the word of one our places to eat. Don't pass the opportunity to try this place!! [SEP]
4	I stayed here for and had some meetings in the area which made the location very for me. I just hopped in my car and was at my office 5 minutes later.The hotel seemed new-ish and there were cookies at check in. There is also a restaurant downstairs and a gym if you're into that sort of thing. My room was and kept. My only minor about the room would be that the air conditioning is loud!There are a couple of restaurants outside, but they close early. Other than that there isn't too much close by, but if you drive up the street a few blocks to Valley, you can find every big box store and chain restaurant imaginable. [SEP]
4	I've been to a few Ren Faires in various states (my is in Larkspur, CO), and this is towards the of my list.First of all, they have their together. From signs all down 60 you that you're going the way, to having a specific Ren Faire lane to a plethora of parking attendants, everything was organized perfectly.Before I talk about the Faire itself, I have to say I was at how disability this place was. Between tons and tons of handicap park, ramps into each store, first aid people walking around with red cross flags so you knew where the first aid was, and even handicap reserved seating at the joust. I give them an on that.The shops were great; found an of things for sale. I got a cane, candles, incense, jewelry and more. Food was too; lots of veggie and meat options. We got broccoli cheese soup in a bread bowl (soup was ok, bread bowl was delicious!), falafel (good), chocolate covered nut rolls (delicious!) and a juicy pickle. Drinks were huge for the $3 we paid, and could be found all over.I also how much seating there was, both in sun and shade. We were able to stay longer because of being able to take breaks.The staff themselves were nice, but I didn't feel that many of them were as into their rolls as other faires I've been to. I'd say morrow and get how are you doing? in return. Not a big deal, but just would have it up to 5 stars.Worth the $18 the tickets were at Frys? Yes, but just barely. I hope they don't raise their prices! [SEP]
3	The hole in the rock was interesting, but only for about 5 minutes. It's not a hike at all, more of a walk on unpaved ground. Once you're up there, the view is cool, but the crowds of people and rowdy kids and dogs from the and romance. I'd think it's a place to take kids, though, because of how it is. thing it's located in Papago Park so you can go and see the zoo or the gardens or Hunt's Tomb while you're there. If you go just to see the hole, it's kind of a of time. [SEP]
4	pizza for the price! One of our take-out spots. Ask for the daily special as you can usually get wings, soda and pizza for the price of a large pizza. deals, prices and quick service. Not a place to go sit and eat - take-out. [SEP]
4	Who's got the munchies!!!!! Friday and Saturday nights till 3 am, Mrs. White's is servin' up some yummy munchies including Zucchini around $3 and entrees for $13. I had to have their chicken , pork chop and some gravy and rice at 12am! The chicken was cooked perfectly. The skin is crispy and tasty. The meat moist and tasty. The portions are huge and you will not go home hungry. The staff is and helpful; always a to talk to them. Skip Filibertos or Jack n' Box after the party..movie..concert..and go to Mrs. White's! [SEP]
3	Went here for fathers day with my girlfriends parents because they gave a entree for dad. He choose the fish and chips which looked amazing, I had fish tacos, my girlfirend had the steak and her mom got a salad. Everyhting was good. The service was and the beers were decent. It was everything I could expect from a chain and thensome. I might even go back. [SEP]
4	Drove into Phoenix today and headed straight to Mrs. White's. It seems we were a bit early, and we had to wait outside while it opened. An employee came outside while we were waiting to grab a smoke. He was and started up a bit of conversation with my husband about the place. It turns out he was one of the cooks.When were able to finally get in, we were offered drinks, and ended up getting tea, which I don't care for. I got the smothered pork chop and two sides, the mac and cheese and the black eyed peas. We got a corn cake to eat while we waited and when the meal came it was pipping and very good. Service was and prices were reasonable. I this place for some true southern food. [SEP]
1	I don't expect much when grabbing lunch at a mall, but I expect than this. The seaweed salad was a generic overly soy tasting disappointment, the rainbow roll was barely eating - the shrimp on the roll tasted fishy, the fish was mealy-textured, and the was and too sticky. The yellow tail roll from the same, and we luckily were cautious not to try sashimi. The miso soup was served barely warm. The tea was served barely luke warm. That was when we finally got service, which took a eternity. Tea refills? on getting someone's attention for that.The inside is a dismal, cavernous sport-bar/pool hall sort of feel. Basically no features here. [SEP]
4	Phoenix has some absolutely Italian pizza joints. And when I'm in the mood to spend some extra money and wait a while I go to them.But man alive! Red is close in terms of quality and it's a lot more laid back.During our last visit, we sat in back. The space has several little tucked away areas so everywhere has a private feel. Our waitress was really and accomodating and was with us in just over a minute.Some of the drinks were recommended, but we were content with just plain old lemonade. Just the balance of and tangy.The bruschetta arrived quickly out of the oven. The oil and tomatoes were over the and had a very flavor.The Italian pizza was just temperature and the green olives added a salty kick to the sausage.The prices are reasonable. The staff is and the pizza is delicious. Plus we met a 6 year old in the parking lot who claimed to be a princess. How is that? [SEP]
5	I went here for my birthday this year. The part was my friends picked up the tab:) The food was fantastic. When I found out from a friend who here that the same chef who created the city hall menu is the executive chef at ocean club I knew getting a steak to my fish was the choice. The only down side was that everyone who went out that night were so full that we decided that it was a idea to go home ad sleep than hit the clubs.....well maybe that wasn't a thing after all. [SEP]
5	place to hangout with friends ...small and cozy. Hoegaarden white ale with chicken tikka masala pasty is my usual. [SEP]
5	I dropped off a ton of things here when I was liquidating my life in this town and it was a experience.Their donation program is quick and (just drive around to the back of the store and put it in a bin) and really helps out people by selling things at prices and the profits go to provide assistance to the community.Such people at this location especially. [SEP]
4	Had lunch with my Husband here today, we sat outside, it was weather, the food is really Great, variety, of ethnic foods !!! Not for the price !!! [SEP]
5	I Lolo's Chicken and Waffles and you will too! Recently my fiancé and I went to Lolo's. I had heard about Lolo's and Mrs. White's for years, but never took the time to go to the Phoenix locations. When this south Scottsdale location opened, I made it a point to go and try the food. The food is or in my Brooklyn accent Forget about it. But don't forget about it, the MAC-N-CHEESE is a most try. The chicken is FANTABULOUS, the COLLARD GREENS are on point and they serve Kool Aid. Yes I said Kool Aid. I must have had a gallon of GRAPE KOOL AID. Before this, the last time I had Kool Aid was 1968. This place is very popular, so you may have to wait for a table, but it is it. This place is so that Sports, Music, Acting and Reality celebrities can be seen here regularly. When we were there we saw the rapper Biz Markie. He did the song Just a Friend back in 1990. The only down side - although the service was generally good, it gets so busy that at times the server may get distracted and may not come back to you as or often as you may like. BOTTOM LINE, I LEFT FULL, AND WITH A KOOL AID SMILE. TRY IT YOU WILL IT [SEP]
5	Belly Rubz!! At first little Oscar was about me dropping him off but when I came to pick him up he didn't want to quit playing! He has really separation and kennels, so it is always when we try a new groomer. He playing and came out looking so handsome! We will be returning to Belly Rubz this week for some more play time and grooming! [SEP]
2	Not a experience last night at Eastwind. I'm going to start this by saying that I've been eating here for over 20 years, when it was Tokyo Express and now Eastwind. I was a customer weekly when I lived closer, now it's every 60 days or so.We went for dinner around 8:00 and it took way too long to get seated in the half empty restaurant. We were seated next to a family that must have been friends or family with one server, as she was constantly at their table. She was there while we were waiting and obviously saw us before finally showing us to a table. Our server was a guy that must have been new, as he seemed very and didn't know the menu. So we ordered the sushi sampler for me and the Korean beef and a veggie roll for her. I got the sushi, but not the salad and soup that it comes with. The veggie roll turned into an egg roll. Everything came at once, and the server didn't make his return until we were done. After consulting with server #1, he took off the egg roll and our drink. Guess that's supposed to make up for it.... [SEP]
1	Wish I could rate stars.... With so many bar choices this place is by far the worst.Last Saturday a group of friends went out for a friend's birthday in Scottsdale and decided if we up that we would meet at the end of the night at Loco Patron. It was increasingly obvious that the staff was and that they could not close up early. We finished our last call drinks and started to head out. The friend who was celebrating his birthday waited behind at the bar until his friends left the bathroom. At this point two bouncers became extremely agitated at our friend and demanded that he put down his drink and leave. My friend started to explain his reason for not leaving (friends still in bathroom) but was quickly cut off. I watched from the patio as the two bouncers (both obviously larger in height and weight then my friend) quickly escalate from talking to both grabbing my friend under the arms and start to carry him out. As he was carried backwards he his balance and back with both bouncers on of him. The bouncers slammed him down headfirst on the cement outside of the establishment, pinned him down with their elbows and hit him. At this point I had run behind the bouncers and was yelling at them to get off of him. I had already taken out my phone to call 911 and I quickly tried to take a picture to show that they were using force. We demanded to see the manager at which point the bouncer said he was the manager and our request. He swiped my friend's phone down out of his hand and it on the ground. Several people had called 911 at this point and we waited outside for the police to arrive. The police arrived and took down the bouncers' information and stated that they would be recording this incident. I am absolutely in saying that neither I nor my friends will ever frequent Loco Patron again. We were treated by untrained staff who were either too to close up to get home or get a power high by manhandling non threatening, non physical patrons of their establishment. Based on the behavior of the two bouncers I assume that this bar operates without any written guidelines on how bouncers should conduct themselves. What I witnessed was full on and an on human rights and I plan on writing any regulatory agency I can think of. These people make a name for all of the bouncers out there that conduct themselves within the guidelines of the law. [SEP]
3	place, maintained. It's big airport with some long walks. [SEP]
4	The Chinese restaurant in the east valley in all categories from Dium Sum to banquet style dinning. Their steamed fish with ginger scallion is my favorite. I have been coming to this restaurant for 5 years and never had a meal. recently, they even invented some new dishes for the weekend luncheon carts.Tthe stir fired radish cake with bean spout is delicious! [SEP]
4	The Pho was delicious, the place was cute, and the prices were decent. Also, the service was amazing! The waiter offered to up my son's bottle. service goes a long way, so we will definitely be back! [SEP]
2	Ahh man,.....I REALLY wanted this to be good.But honestly, you end up with something that's more flame broiled than the earthy wood-fired imagery you pick up from their corporately signage, menu, and decor.That being said, it's a concept, and crust- but the signature pizzas the Greek end up feeling themed ,and of soul and an fussing-over that they need to really be good.The salad's, while seemingly possessing all the stuff- are the same. Too salty/ too soggy, and somehow too rich.The gelato tastes it must come from a squeeze tube.Anyhow- bitching. than Pizza Hut, but for all the and flash, you expect alot more. [SEP]
5	country setting in Phoenix on an old farm. Watch closely because it is to as it is actually an old farm near the Legacy Golf resort at South Mountain. Very home made breakfast with ingredients from the farm. Orange juice was and tasty. Eggs and bacon were very good. Biscuits and gravy were excellent. The setting was the star of this breakfast!I would ! You won't be ! [SEP]
4	Get to the airport early and relax with a drink and some tasty food at Chelsea's Kitchen @ Sky Harbor Airport. beer selection.Tasty appetizers.Wait staff is friendly. [SEP]
3	When I came here I got half a dozen donuts and one of those boba drinks. The donuts were really good, but I wouldn't say they were any than a Dunkin Donuts or Krispy Kreme. The boba drink was so though! I'm really they have those. :) [SEP]
3	Cherubini is a clean, coffee shop. The employees are friendly, but no more than every other coffee shop I've been to.I had a decaf drip coffee, which was just o.k. Nothing to about but not particularly noteworthy.I sampled 4 donuts...raised with maple, cherry iced cake, blueberry cake, and sugar raised. The donuts were about average or a little higher. than Dunkin but nowhere close to BoSa. The cherry iced cake was the best, but all the donuts seemed a little too sweet. I'm a donut fanatic, so I don't mind sweet...but these, just a little too much.Kudos for keeping up a appearance and Wi-Fi, but I won't go out of my way to visit Cherubini again. [SEP]
4	this little yogurt paradise!! I Spoon, but this place is definitely a notch above. The toppings bar alone is a reason to check it out.....can you say Fruity Pebbles anyone? How is that???I the fact that you choose how much or little you want in whatever combos you crave. The flavors are also really yummy, and they always have a variety. It's a place to take kids, as they tend to anything interactive this. I'm so I live close & plan on coming lots as the weather heats up. [SEP]
4	The way to get coffee is through a DRIVE THRU! And that's the of DB. You can just drive back and get a coffee beverage.I had an iced peppermint mocha concoction that put me back about $4. A little but it was huge. I think the gal said their iced drinks are only one size. I still think Starbucks is but DB is a close second. [SEP]
2	I could not find a place to park my Honda Civic and the trails. After about 60 minutes of looking. I gave up. Need more options to get there, and where to park the car so that the trail can actually be enjoyed. I will save my time and go elsewhere.Suggestion: Should consider developing an offsite parking area, and providing a shuttle to the entrance (perhaps for a small fee)...and let it be known where to find the shuttle. [SEP]
2	I graduated from Marinello at the end of August 2010, and let me tell you, I was to get out of there.While the teachers were very in their trade, the program and administration is less than desirable. When I first toured the school and started classes in January, I was many things to learn, one of them being makeup classes. Still to this day they do not have those classes at the school, and those were big reasons to why I wanted to go there.There was also a lot of drama in the midst of my schooling there. Several administrators left, a teacher left, and they changed everything that we were used to. They started focusing on advertising instead of getting students product to use, and there was a lot of times when school product would go missing when they didn't go missing before the administration change.besides those things, the school is okay. At the very least, it will teach you what you need to know to be an aesthetician in the state. But I definitely wouldn't go there again, and I definitely wouldn't anybody to go there. Be sure to look around at other schools before you decide what's for you. [SEP]
5	We ate here to our engagement during a weekend getaway to AZ. My fiance had coordinated with the restaurant beforehand to have rose petals and 2 glasses of champagne set for us before we arrived. The rose petals were and a mix of red, yellow, and pink... colors!I ordered one of their fish dishes that came is a REALLY skillet, and I accidently my hand on the skillet. We saw one of the employees walking by, so we asked if he had anything for the burn, and he ran off looking for spray and bandaids. He was back in no time with everything I needed to treat the - service! I THINK his name was Nick, but I can't remember.Good job, T Cooks! [SEP]
5	i've never had a getting assistance here, except when it's busy, usually on a sat/sun. it's not that far from the house, maybe a mile, so i if i'm in a real bind, i come on by here to pick up some stuff. they've offered groupons here and with those, i've bought some power tools and hardware. ace brand is price but the quality seems to be just as good! [SEP]
4	Upon suggestion of the Scottsdale Native, I landed here one night for dinner. This place is part of Fox Restaurant Concepts group who is also responsible for Culinary Dropout, Wildflower, Steak, Zin Burger, Sauce, Montana Avenue, among others. ATMOSPHERE: Awesome. Very happening, with mostly young professional and older folks. Huge place with big open space. for groups with long table seating either booth or traditional table or couch. The wall opens up to the outdoor patio where you can sit on couches. We sat inside since it was a bit chilly.FOOD: Latin/Mexican inspired menu. Huge portions!1. chips/salsa - didn't have any chips as I to usually eat my salsa by spoon since it's lower calorie that way. flavor, nothing spectacular. Wish it were a bit more chunkier. 2. Fish tacos - the Native and I this dish and it was brought out for us. It was 2 entrees! I'm we this since it was a ton of food. The dish came with rice, pinto beans (choice of black beans as well). Mini fish tacos (4) with grilled fish, avocado, pico de gallo. Very yummy. Always a fan of the grilled food even though it increases your colon risk. 3. Crab and shrimp ceviche - containing cucumber, avocado, radish. flavors. Not however so there not much to write here..... simply because I can't remember..... I know it wasn't though.SERVICE: No here. enough.PARKING: Private lot. No finding a spot.CONCLUSION: I think I would come here again more for the atmosphere but food is too! [SEP]
4	Stonecreek is a place to play, and the price is fair. I do the layout. but not gimmicky. The scenery is nice, too.I will have to agree with others about the ball vacuum (aka creek) running through the middle of the course. The staff also seemed when I was there. I'm not sure what others were about. Overall, it's a place to play, and its location makes it if you're meeting people from the other side of town. [SEP]
1	This place used to be amazing. My memories of past years is going to this seafood place with my parents. It's not the same anymore.We went for my wife's 30th birthday. My dad decided to join us. My wife ordered steak and shrimp, my dad ordered steak, I ordered a crab stuffed lobster. I have had the crab stuffed lobster many times before. I was craving it.We got our appetizer's. Dad got snails, wife and I shared steamers. My dad was with the snails. But then again, how can you go with snails doused in garlic and butter? The steamers were steamed little neck clams in a garlic broth. It was not long neck clams the rest of the world calls steamers. I wasn't about to argue with the server that these are the clams.The food came and for the first time in my life I was asking the server to take back my meal before I even tried it. It looked dry and over cooked. I told the server I've had this dish many times before and this is not the way it's supposed to be. He told me this is what it's supposed to look and begged me to try it. I took one bite and I couldn't even swallow it because it was so dry. Of course the server was gone by this point and didn't come back for 10 minutes to ask me how it was.While I was waiting for the server to return, I told my family I was just going to get the steak. They just shook their head and told me not to. I took one bite of my dad's steak and spat it out. How do you screw up steak this bad? It tasted beef and butter. My dad and wife would have too, but it's my wife's birthday and I am already her thunder. I swapped my meal out for a steamed lobster. How do you screw up a steamed 1 1/2 lobster? Fortunately, that came out fine.So we left hungry and $300 poorer. I used to not mind paying the money they charged but now, it is not it. I am really hoping people stop coming here so they can just close down. [SEP]
5	meal. experience. I am a vegetarian. I cook a lot and am very conscious of food preparation, starting with sourcing. I don't just Farmers Markets, I CERTAIN Farmers Markets....that sort of thing. Long story short, if I am going to dine out, I want something very special. VERY special. Quiessence my expectations at almost every turn. I dined there with my son and daughter-in-law...both truly expert cooks...more than I. All of us were BLOWN AWAY by our meal. We got the Farmers Feast without the wine pairings so we could choose our own wine. I got the vegetarian...they got the carnivore (or ominvore or whatever they call it!). Truthfully, labels are irrelevant. It's all in the taste...and the tastes are sublime!I was by how much was in each plate. Theirs were similar but each a little different. More importantly, there was a progression of very carefully crafted flavors. The most thing: The chef wanted to offer his own interpretations . That he did so while letting the ingredients speak for themselves is truly remarkable.The setting is beautiful. The servers are unpretentiously of their community and the they are doing and seemed to our as well.Our only (and it is minor) is that although the desserts were crafted, we felt that they did not reflect the intentions of local sustainability. There is so much local fruit (used in other courses, I might add!)...perhaps adding some to the desserts would carry out the theme more completely...I'm sure the chefs' creativity can conjure more ideas than I!That said, I will return! As often as possible! Quiessence and the Farm at South Mountain are an resource for the Phoenix community...easy to get to from any part of the Valley...no excuses, folks!...Go! [SEP]
4	Youfit is always very and the staff is really friendly. Trainers are not pushy if you don't want to be trained. The only was when I signed up it said tanning, but they have no tanning beds. All in all though I am there and don't feel it's a huge gym. I was made aware of the yearly service fee and which month it would be charged as well. [SEP]
2	We kept seeing this place on trips between PHX and San Diego and decided to give it a try. The atmosphere was out of the 60's/70's era of Space exploration & Sci-Fi and looked promising...until we met the staff. Host & waitress were snooty, had no personalty and of any basic courtesy. I had the Beef Chimichanga which was rather and my companions were with their Liver Steak. We had to ask for drink refills much to the our our waitress who looked she owned stock in Cover Girl. Near the end of our supper she all of the sudden started flirting and getting feely (ugh)! We noticed that she did that with other tables and wives/girlfriends didn't appear to that. This was an obvious technique to garner tips for the of her service. At the register the host was very in settling our tab that we could have probably just left without paying and they would have never noticed. When he asked if we would to leave a tip I answered Yeah, go buy yourself a personality! While the food isn't the service the whole experience! Gila Bend literally looks a Ghost Town, so if you want to stay in business you need to your patrons. Honestly, I don't think we'll come back... [SEP]
4	I Fate, and have been there dozens of times. I agree with a lot of reviewers about the attitudes from the girls who there. They act as though you are a bother. I can't understand why someone would a job they hate. The food though, is tasty, and has plenty of options for vegitarians and carnivores. I the hipster atmosphere and the food a ton. The drinks are weak, and overpriced, but the food reasonable. This translates over to next door where they charge 9 bucks for a drink. They also treat you scum. I'm only giving this restaurant a 4 because I pay a lot more attention to food quality and taste than I do service. I also the fact they are open late. I til 10pm most nights so its to have an option that isn't food. [SEP]
5	what can I say - we're CF regulars...just the place. I guess we are because we have never had to wait more than 15-20 minutes for 3 of us. We eat here at least twice a month and we always start with the avocado egg rolls - they are to for and the dipping sauce is yummy! I usually get a Glam burger - the only time I eat red meat - and so far have not had one I did not like. I often take 1/2 home so I can save room for some cheesecake, an absolute must when at CF. We have never had a cheesecake and try a different one each time. This is the only hamburger that I have the next day - usually hamburger is the one food that is not a take home food as it just does not taste as a left over - but I have actually eaten it because I took a bite before heating it and just kept going...yes, I know.If nothing else, go there for some avocado egg rolls and then treat yourself to a cheesecake....I'm totally addicted! Absolute decadence! ;D [SEP]
4	This place is similar to Rays on 3rd St. It was lunch time I had an eggplant parm sub very the eggplant was breaded not gooey and gross. The kid had a slice of cheese the slices are HUGE. The pizza and service here are always good. I suggest this place for dinner more so the meals are way they come with a house salad and they have more options pasta and such. They deliver too. [SEP]
5	Had some cuisine at Milagro's. The chef is truly an genius. Our food was so unique and delicious. Plus, the weather was so that we sat out on their patio and watched the sunset on the purple mountains. I highly the PB & J appetizer. It's nothing you have ever had before I can you. I would also highly the swordfish dish and tacos. [SEP]
5	Decided on a whim at the last minute to go here for dinner tonight, I guess that's not the thing to do here. out though, arrived at just about 4pm to see a hand full of people waiting and the the restaurant didn't open till 5pm. After a short debate we decided to stay, it that there was shade. The wait while was not and for the most part, newbies and veterans each others arrival order. 40 seats is not much for a place that does this much business and it was surprising to learn that most waiting were from out of town. I also learned that reservations are accepted on line for parties of 6 to 10 and only 3 reservations per night. Reservations are usually 1 1/2 to 2 months out. Luckily for us there was only one reserved table for 10 ahead of everyone. 5 o'clock rolled around and the loading procedure ran as clock and we had drink and food orders in by quarter after. Service was and with just the amount of time between salad and main course. I could not have asked for much more from my food, maybe a bit more basil on my mozzarella and tomato salad, everything was including my Mexican coke. We ordered 2 pizzas, both wood fire baked to perfection. I could have eaten a whole loaf of the bread that comes with the salads, or for $2 on its own. None of our food was or soggy, the olive oil they use is and the mozzarella mouth watering. I will go back again, planning on getting there an hour before opening. Although the food is and an hours wait in the Phoenix sun and heat, I would not wait for 4 to 6 hours as some people do. So for me this was a and a last minute dinner decision. [SEP]
4	I think it was the guitar playing chicken that caught my eye as I drove by. Then it was the Now Open sign. New business? Figured I had to try it.Rock-n-Roll Fingers is a SO concept. Chicken fingers, waffle fries and Texas toast - that's much the menu. The Chicken fingers may be or Buffalo style - but they definitely won't be from chicken. They use only Chicken breasts - no skin and no bones - and they fry only in Canola oil to make for the least chicken they can. They have about 7 different dipping sauces - from Ranch to Thai chili - though they are known for their Special Sauce. It's a secret recipe, so of course I had to try it. dang good. I also the BBQ which was more tangy than and went with the chicken. As for the chicken - have you ever had chicken so juicy that you though it might not be fully cooked? Maybe it's just because I grew up eating overcooked food, but every once in awhile when I get chicken cooked so I have to look to make sure it isn't pink. It was SO juicy I was really shocked. And though fried, it wasn't a thick and overly crispy batter - just to seal in the juices while leaving you with a and piece of meat. The waffle fries were out of this world. The Texas toast was SOOO good! When I got back to the office I was to learn two things. This is an independently owned business - this is their first location. And even more - they have gotten a score by the Health Department more than six times in a row. Wow. So you can eat some really food and a new local business for a $5-7 lunch. Not bad. Not at all. [SEP]
5	time, location, ability to park in garage behind it. decor, candles, white furnishings, trimmed in wood. vodka choices that will have you dancing on that raised table all nite which gives you a view of the place. See if you can spot the dj booth! He's cool, door staff. The bartenders kind of you and there's a brunette girl bartender-stay away from her. attitude, and she will charge you for 2 drinks even though they have a 2 for 1 special. But it's a club and it's 99% certain you'll have time. [SEP]
5	We drove in from LA for spring training. Had a evening and the old Pizza Hut remake looked interesting. To our surprise, we had one of the Thai meals in a long time. Once you get inside, you'll forget this used to be an old Pizza Hut and you'll be transported to a bit of Southeast Asia. food, service...and the price is great. I the eggplant with beef and the Pad See Yew (spelled differently). Was going to go again, but they close on Sundays...boo. Don't know if it's this good, but for our one night in Phoenix, we were surprised. Definitely a try if you're looking for Thai food. You don't necessarily have to have a lot of heat in your food because they have plenty of dishes for chili-adverse people me but it's there for those that need the heat. The food presentation and description will remind you of Chinese cuisine, but the flavors are unique and delicious...and definitely NOT Chinese. The Thai rice is definitely more than a side dish...it's a meal in itself. Try this place and you won't be disappointed. [SEP]
5	Beef gyros are always here. [SEP]
3	PPP was decent. The white chocolate beer was delicious. I will be back for some more of that. I cannot wait to go back for hour. Steak is steak to me. It was not out of this world, but it was good. The sides were fair, beans and bread. The beans flavor, but I might just be biased, my dad makes a mean pot of cowboy beans. The whole restaurant is very kitschy. Everything revolves around the cowboy theme. This place would be to take tourists. -1 for undercooked steak -1 for tasteless beans [SEP]
3	I had seen these around before but never stopped in. Started with a drink menu and was quite happy. selection of Margaritas and others. The dinner menu was as well. Drinks were and food was tasty.I'll make a return trip if for nothing more than a drink. A-OK. [SEP]
3	Foot Locker is home to the largest selection of athletic shoes in the mall but the pricing could be better. Their inventory also includes a dozen or so Foot Locker exclusives several Nike Air Max 95 colorways. Foot Locker sweats, hoodies, and other athletic gear are generally durable, fit well, and priced well. The Chandler store also places some focus on team athletic apparel and sports accessories. The sales aren't that great. I saw a pair of Jordan CMFT's in the white/gray/black colorway selling for $80. I bought the same pair at a Nike Outlet in New Jersey in July for $50. What's up with that?I can't call it... [SEP]
5	My daughter and I really eating here. We tend to order the same thing every time because it's so good. She gets the grilled cheese and tomato soup combo and I get the grilled salmon nicoise salad. They both rock. It's cafeteria style all the way up to the point you pay, then you are served the rest of the way by a waiter who brings you your food and takes care of you. The food is always very and delicious. And by the time we're out of there, it costs no more than eating in the food court but the experience and quality of the food are miles beyond. Highly recommended. [SEP]
5	Found the Tuck Shop on my Urban Spoon AP and what a surprise it ended up being! In the heart of Coronado this little house has been transformed to a true Phoenix jewel!The food was amazing..we had pork with a pasta and broccoli. The pork had two sauces that my boyfriend I argued over which was the better. The pasta was okay a bit of a cumin flavor but once we mixed it with the pork's sauce. The broccoli was a touch. The manager came over and spent some time talking to us more about the menu and plans to open another place with a different menu soon. A must try if you are a down town kinda person! The crowd was a mix of tshirts casual to formal and the patrons ages ranged just as much. The menu changes with the season so go check it out! Only I've heard from people I've was the of choice if you are a vegetarian. [SEP]
5	For a sub shop, place.Delivery is freaky for sure. I order delivery half the time.Pro's- delivery- quick service if ordering onsite- staff friendly- food is goodCon's- No WiFi. Would since AT&T service near this building. spot. there is a location here. [SEP]
4	high quality sushi fish. expensive. atmosphere. service. [SEP]
1	Maybe I ate at a different restaurant than the other people, or once they got through the opening they gave up, because this place was not good.The service was at best, they seemed scattered and unfocused, took five minutes to get water. I gave up on ordering anything else after that.The food? hamburger, that was cooked in the center. Too that outside of the center inch it was completely overcooked and dry. Soggy duck and average potato fritters. Let's talk about this coal oven. While the burgers are cooked in a coal oven, you could tell by the hanging over the restaurant, they are cooked in an iron skillet i.e. fried! The coal adds absolutely zero to the burger.Overall, if I am going to spend $10 on a burger with no sides, it be perfect, and this wasn't. I would also hope $5 would get me more than two fritters. [SEP]
5	Dining at Roaring Fork was enjoyable. The decor is and cozy, with an vibe. Our large group was accommodated for on the patio, and since it was hour, we were quite a demanding bunch. The service was a little slow, but all drinks and food came out perfectly. I had deciding what to order because everything looked so good! I the Big Ass Burger (a huge ground chuck patty with cheddar cheese, peppered bacon, thick-cut tomatoes, pickles, and onions) and a kettle of fries with a couple friends. I also had the mixed greens salad (field greens with candied walnuts and feta, with some sort of vinegarette). The ahi tuna looked really good, as did the fish tacos. I also heard raves about the green pork chili. So many options & a atmosphere--I'll definitely be back soon!! [SEP]
5	food. date night place with an wine list. Definitely come her again and more often. [SEP]
5	NEW LOCATION FOR 2012: Portland Parkway in Downtown Phoenix, Portland St. & Central Ave, across from the Roosevelt Light Station! Saturday, November 12, 10am-4pmFind more info here: http://www.localfirstaz.com/fall-festival/Bigger location = more fun! [SEP]
4	Checked in last night with a large group of people and gotta say: the staff is professional and very nice. Clean, rooms. Amenities are quite as as the Marriott (small pool), but there is WiFi (connection is and consistent) and breakfast and dinner snacks come with your room. So, value. [SEP]
5	I am a huge fan of this restaurant. I their locally grown fruits and veggies. I their options. I had their brown rice with curry sauce, veggies, and organic chicken...it was incredible! Can't wait to travel to Arizona again and return to this restaurant!PLEASE OPEN ANOTHER LOCATION IN THE SAN FRANCISCO BAY AREA! It would be a hit! [SEP]
5	My daughter began taking classes at Encore 6 years ago. At the time she had a bit of an attitude and didn't do too with other girls. She in with Regina and took numerous classes from hip hop (her first choice) to ballet, jazz, and lyrical. I watched my daughter into an young woman as as an dancer. Regina involves the girls and boys in the competition experience so that they have more opportunity to learn and self esteem. My daughter has had the opportunity to travel to California and Las Vegas with the studio to participate in Nationals and Classes. Encore is not JUST family owned, it is a family environment. I checked other studios but found a less than to new participants. I couldn't anything more than Encore and the skills that your child learns. My daughter now at the studio as as dancing and my youngest daughter is taking her first classes now. I am looking forward to another 6 years or more with the Encore family. [SEP]
2	Abridged: I'm gonna be real with you. I am not in with Pizzeria Bianco, and had I actually had to wait in line, this rating would probably be lower. My group was to receive the last table without any wait.Maybe it was the fact that it's to me with pizza. Maybe it was a fluke that won't happen again. At least that's what everyone keeps telling me. But honestly, I just wasn't that with the $19 pizza I received. Sadly, the leftovers I took home ended up being tossed because I was to try it again. I've been about writing this for awhile (it's been sitting here for nearly a year), but in the end, my opinions haven't changed, and I sit here, still to return. If someone me there again, or had a party there or something, I'd probably give it another shot, as I to write off any place after a single trip, but I honestly felt just eh about the whole thing. Thankfully none of my visiting out of town guests have cried for me to take them there. [SEP]
2	I in dining, and this place would have any shoppers report. The server never introduced himself and was in attention to us. The food portions were so small I was very that they charged so much.Management was and to check in on us and primary paced the restaurant dreading any social interaction. My biggest and reason I am to write this review is the PORTION SIZE. And perhaps it was just what we had ordered, but the Hamachi was barely more than two bites and the Dinosaur salad was just large kale pieces. Drinks were tasty. If ever I go back, it will be for their bar ONLY. [SEP]
3	This gym is alright. I thought from the way it looked outside it would be much bigger, but it does the job. Staff is and welcoming. I rather all the classes here- especially zumba. The instructor reminds me of a young Richard Simmons heehee. Yes, there are some touches that 90's the neon signs by the locker room, but who cares. It's a gym not a prissy spa. I'm there to sweat! [SEP]
1	Ugh. My tip-off should have been the Guy Who Saw Me Reading The Menu and came outside to tell me the food was good. But I was craving Chinese, I near the COFCO center, and it was to rain. I scanned the menu, found Kung Pao chicken, and ordered up. They told me 5 minutes, and they were accurate. Price was reasonable. Waiting area was and well-decorated. Food was inedible. I got the lunch special, which include soup, egg roll, entree and cookie. I couldn't eat any of it. The soup (hot and sour) was way too sour. I felt I would get acid reflux if I ate it. I couldn't order the rice, because it contains peas (I've learned to ask...childhood trauma). The rice was clotted together and to eat. The kung pao chicken contained a amount of meat...so much so that I questioned whether it was actually chicken. I watch too many movies. The egg roll was just gross. It seemed the wad of veggies was wrapped in biscuit dough before it was deep-fried. The cookie was stale, and the was even lame. I would've done to get soaking wet and hit up Panda Express. [SEP]
2	Pie is across from one of my hang-outs, The Main Ingredient. I've seen this place numerous times and one day we saw a Groupon for them, so decided to purchase it and give it a try. The place was for a Saturday night. I had always seen this place packed when passing by. Maybe we the rush? The service was nothing special. Our server had no personality and seemed bored. I ordered a pizza with pistachios, parmesan and red onions and my boyfriend ordered some kind of BBQ chicken pizza. The pizza was dry and didn't have a ton of flavor. It wasn't AWFUL, but it wasn't either. We left unimpressed and don't really have any craving to go back there again. Wish we understood what all the is about. Maybe we just ordered the pizzas? [SEP]
2	So the place has Christmas lights, and a amount of ambiance, and supposedly there's a shirtless shot at 1:00 - which might make going back it. Other than that, the service was less than lackluster, the domestic kegs all seemed flat. In other words, go somewhere else unless it's 1:00 and you want to see some daytime nudity. [SEP]
1	prices but this please is honestly not the hassle. First of all you have to leave your purse at the counter. I am not doing that anywhere. Who does that? The only place I have ever seen this before was ASU's bookstore. Then you walk in this warehouse that has NO air conditioning!!! I made the of going yesterday in the middle of the day (111 degrees out, yikes!) Then you get inside and you have to carry a catalog to refer to for prices since items are unmarked in large boxes. If they had a/c it would have been it to save a few bucks on the toys my dog destroys in minutes but no air conditioning??? IN ARIZONA?? Madness! [SEP]
4	busy on a Sunday morning @10:00, sat at the bar..quick service..both ordered the Calf. Benny, Next trip the pork carnitas. Waitress the Southwest carnitas which looked awesome.Great place for breakfast/brunch. [SEP]
1	Here's a thought, don't post on the door to your restaraunt Up scale Mexican Food unless you can prove it. This was not upscale, it was barely pass-able as decent. Didn't help that the waitress got both of our orders wrong. Will not return. [SEP]
5	service, food, highly recommend. We had the scollops and they were to for, the scotch beef and mac and cheese were also amazing. Will definitely go back and to friends. [SEP]
5	The Montelucia Resort is home to Crave Cafe, and the fact that I was blown away by how the resort is has nothing to do with how I was with Crave.What are you craving at the moment? Perhaps a cup of coffee? a scoop of gelato? an empanada? gourmet pastry? homemade tomato soup? perhaps a panini sandwich filled with turkey, cheese, grilled eggplant, and cranberry compote? red wine? magazine? fruit? Diet Coke?Whatever your 'crave-ing' - Crave has it all!In addition to much anything your heart desires, Crave also has an extremely staff and offers seating (in and outside) with views of Camelback mountain.After a full tour of the resort, we were hungry for lunch and decided to have a quick bite at Crave... We shared a sandwich, slice of quiche, and tomato soup - all of it was delicious! I am sure I'll be craving a return trip to the Montelucia sometime soon, and when I do, I'm sure I'll pop into Crave for whatever I need at that time. [SEP]
4	yumtastic!! just don't forget your safety whistle and pepper spray! ....even during the day.... [SEP]
3	This store is a average. It has a six month wall. This place does not bag and board new unless asked. The store specializes in new stuff only and has almost no back stock. The store has tournaments for card gaming on weekends. The staff doesn't talk to new customers much or ask them if they need assistance. Note for true comic fans...This store is for new comics on Wednesdays and supplies but that is about it. Dime-a-dozen store... nothing special. [SEP]
5	Please this review as I am writing it as I come to from my food coma. We just moved to Phoenix and at the time of dining we were not familiar with the Fox Restaurant Group. We happened upon CD on accident on a Tuesday night. I must say the place was hoppin' for an early week night. We ordered the pretzels with fondue, the chicken and the steak. It was so we didn't even speak to each other through the entire sitting. It was the kind of meal you don't mind having indigestion after because you get the of re tasting the deliciousness. Gross, I know, but you know what I'm talking about! The server we had was as as a ghost. We never wanted for anything but he left us alone. I wasn't about the monkey bread but my honey ate it we hadn't had a large meal 15 minutes before. I'd kinda to shave off a 1/4 of a star because the staff was ultra trendy/Indie as were a majority of the patrons. They looked H&M and Urban Outfitters threw up all over them but if that's the I'm ok with it since the food was so amazing. [SEP]
2	Cannot rate their technical service because they NEVER SHOWED UP or CALLED TO RESCHEDULE. I made a service call appointment with Flores Air and received a time of around noon and we will call in advance. I received a call at 11 and they said they were in the area and could be there in about 45 minutes. After a no-show, I called them around 1 and the man said they were at a job and would not make it. I rescheduled with them for two days later. They said they could get there around 3. No call that day and I have not seen them. Today is another day and still no call from them. I will not be calling them back again to schedule another NO-SHOW. Customer service is non-existent [SEP]
4	This is a little find. We sat on the 2nd floor patio and it was the fix for a busy day. We sipped wine in front of the fire and watched the sky change colors over Camelback Mountain. The service was fabulous. They didn't rush us and without asking, our shared orders for us. The food was fabulous! OMG! You HAVE to get the walnut Gorgonzola salad with the sweetened balsamic dressing. Mmmm. I would get that again in a heartbeat. We also a flatbread with fries and it was as well. I will definitely go back. [SEP]
4	I have been to this place twice so far. The first time I had no idea what to expect since I never heard of it before. I honestly have no idea what to compare it to but I guess the closest thing is Texas Road House judging by the reviews here on Yelp. Anyway, I know its not the classiest joint with the food, but anything is a shot. The first time my wife and I went we were in the area doing some shopping and just wanted something quick and casual for dinner. We didn't expect anything but to be our expectations were exceeded.The hour is good. $3 pints and 2 for 1 cocktails/wine. Both times we went we ordered a 2 for 1 drink which would have been ok if they didn't charge too much for the first one. I mean $5 for a small glass of Yellow Tail? They are giving you 2 though so I can't too much I guess.The thing we about this place is the 2 meals for $13.99 special they have going on. There are some options if you stay away from the stuff. So far we have had the chop steak, steak and the salmon. They are all very and decently sized. They prepare them however you want (sauce on the side, etc.) and everything comes with 2 sides. There are 10 or so sides to choose from. I get a side salad and some grilled onions or mushrooms to go with whatever meat I am having and they are always very good. My wife always gets some sort of grilled vegetable and they are as well. The service is very and and the food always comes out quick. Oh yeah, and I also am a fan of their peanuts as as the rolls that you get to start. [SEP]
5	The people at this title company are as as it gets.They are to do a really job for the agents that usethem. Bill Risser and Paul Guenther are techno regardingthe Social Media techniques and share their expertiseand time to teach the skills of Twitter, Facebook, Hootsuite, and other aspects of Social Media which agents can utilize to serve their clients in a and manner. The buyers and sellers of property will really by using them because their handling of the transaction will be and quickly finished. [SEP]
2	This restaurant was just okay to me. I ordered a thin crust and it was just average. The garlic cheese bread was the part of the meal. It was tasty. The staff was friendly, so that was a plus. [SEP]
5	prepare to spend a few hours here and really have a experience. the food is divine. the service is laid back (in a way). the chef runs the whole show and plays all hats. the menu is forever changing and when you make a reservation he will ask you questions so he can tailor your meal and experience to your needs. probably not a first date place because if the date goes wrong, you will be for a while. spot for an anniversary or something. or even just to have a meal with people you know and care about. [SEP]
3	Bar Smith has potential to be a spot in the heart of downtown; just a few steps away from the symphony hall, Chase Field, and the US airways Arena. However, this place, despite it's pseudo-hipness to deliver in the cocktail department, which, with it's continuously music, would be the only real reason you'd come to this bar. It's really a 2.5 star place-- bartenders are nice,but don't really get the job done. When you're paying over $8/drink, you'd at least expect them to do that. The roof is though so an extra .5 stars for that. [SEP]
5	Hands down, the pizza in the East Valley!!!! Tastes I'm back in New York City, that's how the pizza is! They do all sorts of combinations and toppings. Mmmm mmmm good. The sandwiches and wings are too. Located in a strip mall next to AMC movie theaters, it's a place to go before or after the movies. And they deliver, too. Much quality than chain pizzerias. [SEP]
4	The really thing about this preserve is that it's in the middle of Gilbert. You'd never expect to find a nature preserve tucked between the unassuming Gilbert Public Library and track-home neighborhoods. Yet, it's there, and it's quite a of the east valley. They have multiple things going on all times of the year, from guided bird watching to night-time observatory star gazing. The preserve is a little sanctuary of nature and within the confines of our sprawling metropolis and I absolutely it. What I especially is how the Gilbert Public Library looks out to the preserve with its giant floor-to-ceiling windows. So even when it's sweltering in the of summer, you can still go to the preserve and the while reading a book in the library. [SEP]
4	Delicious, fresh, flavorful, with a lot of meat and vegetarian options to please any discerning palate. They also offer soups and salads, which I hear are equally as delicious, and many different options for sides. It's to see that this plaza, which used to house Michael's and several other stores, is now nearly defunct, and the last remaining of this plaza's prime days is this deli, Pong Pong Chinese food, which is next door, and a few other specialty stores.My so far is the Southwest wrap. The Buena Bella vegetarian sandwich, though as a alternative, seems to be a bit too salty to make it really that for you. [SEP]
4	The husband and I went here for breakfast the other morning at about 9 am. The patio was about 2/3 full but the inside was empty. When you first walk in, you are greeted with menus that are extremely reminiscent of Pei Wei. Turns out, you order the exact same way at said restaurant and you even get a number and choose your own table. As I sat waiting for my food, I contemplated whether or not this concept for breakfast. The place started getting busy about 3 minutes after we sat down and I discovered the concept quite well.So many things on the menu looked delicious, and I had a time deciding what to get. For starters, they have pancakes with peanut butter chips! YUM! Any restaurant that does peanut butter chip pancakes gets points from me. The rest of the menu varies from omelets to brizzas (breakfast pizzas) to ol in a blanket. The husband and I decided to share a few things. We got the peanut butter chip pancakes, the in a blanket, and a cinnamon roll. The pancakes were and HUGE! After just one I was already feeling full. The in a blanket were absolutely delicious, primarily because of the yummy and kind of spicy breakfast link. The cinnamon roll was also tasty, and fresh, but not too cinnamony. Back to the concept of this place... once it had started to pick up again in terms of customers, I noticed how quickly the cashier was able to out the line. I also noticed that the food was coming out at a really quick pace, and absolutely nothing sat on the line waiting to be served. It really well, but I am most interested in seeing how it when the place gets absolutely slammed.Overall, this is an place to try. You will not be with your and breakfast that doesn't make you feel heavy and after you leave. A place for sure. [SEP]
4	Let's see coffee....great muffins....good service....coffee drinks need some though. D&D never lets me down when it comes to plain ole american coffee....but there attempts at making coffee drinks to compete with Starbucks and even Mcdonald's for that matter come up lame. I tried for example the chocolate the other day....taste plain ole chocolate milk with whip cream. The coolatta's and other drinks are not but Starbucks is much better.However with all that being said....no one makes a cup of coffee.......... by food standards anyway..... than does D&D. The coupons I get every couple of weeks also rock because I can get that coffee cake muffin they make for 99 cents. I also get get coupons for 1.00 off combos.....free doughnuts....and even 99 cent for large coffee's (although I never have that size...LOL). So if your looking for coffee and maybe a breakfast to go along with it give D&D a try and remember to Eat, Drink, and be my Friends!!!! [SEP]
5	If your day is a decision, this place will change the course of your life - at least for an hour.I have only ever ordered the Oggie (I'm a one pasty kind of guy), but most of my friends have had their way with the rest of the menu and it doesn't disappoint.Easily one of my spots in Tempe. It's also a much larger version of its former self so you no longer have to wait an hour for a table. [SEP]
4	Bianco is a place to go for a priced dinner with ambiance and rendition of Mexican food. Yup, there are holes-in-the-wall tacquerias with tastier food. But Bianco is spot-on in terms of overall concept with service and furnishing. Puts this on a repeat list. [SEP]
5	You speak Italian to me and provide mouth watering, soul lifting coconut gelato with micro-chips of chocolate in them?! I only wish you weren't 30 miles away...but I would walk in 116 degree heat to get there - for real! [SEP]
5	The place is a hole in the wall behind the PHX car rental center. Arrived at dinner time, and had the Mexican food! I had the #5 Machaca Plate w/rice, beans, & one of their homemade tortilla's burrito style. It was just amazing, and so ($5.65). The only I have with this place is that its very used, and looks very dirty, I did find it a bit sticky. Maybe this is a place for pickup. If you want a restaurant, their North restaurant on Cactus Road restaurant is much cleaner. [SEP]
5	I'll be back! Laura certainly doesn't need my review for help, but all of these people are correct. She is meticulous, to be around and takes in her work. When I read all of the 5 star reviews, I sort of thought they might be written by friends because they were so gushy. I found her via Yelp.... and her! $20 eyebrow wax, takes credit cards. [SEP]
4	For a brewery type restaurant they do a job, in fact mabe the one in town for me. Most of these type of places do a very jobs with a very extensive menu. BJ's has a gluten options. the pizza is very good, probably the I've had in town. selection of beers. service is always good. [SEP]
4	Having recently moved from the Bay Area, I had ignorantly thought that there wouldn't be any ethnic, especially asian ethnic, food. Thankfully, I am completely wrong! Elephant Thai is a thai place with a varied menu, freshly made food, and atmosphere. An added plus to the Tempe location was that they allowed us to bring our small pooch to the patio area where we dined. We did have the corn cakes, which were ok. I don't remember them being or great...but my husband corn a lot, and I think he them more than me. The green papaya salad was as close in flavor to the papaya salad we had freshly made for us on the beaches of Thailand as I'd expect around here. We also had the thom ka soup which was really tasty. It was a while ago, so I can't remember the entrees we got. I probably got the pad thai...just to try it, and some kind of meat dish. I definitely don't remember anything being awful...and although it might not have been food, it was enjoyable. Thai ice tea was yummy, and my husband had the limeade which was too tart for me, although he thought it was really and quite good. I do remember that for 2 people, what we ordered was a huge amount of food that we had no chance of finishing, and yet the final bill was quite reasonable. We weren't able to order any dessert, but I did notice that they had the rice w/ mango on the menu. It probably wasn't in season anyways, but I will definitely be ordering that at some point. This will definitely be one of our go to thai places. [SEP]
5	Mexican food, service at drive in or sit in and eat...try the new fish tacos, they're great, and authentic, too. [SEP]
1	I only ask for two things when I'm flying. To land safely. And to not planes while on them.US Airways only delivered on one of those, and I'm still on the first one.Took a flight late from PHX to SFO. Two hours isn't too bad. Unless of course it was the longest two hours of your life and you could hear people in the cabin praying for their lives.I understand that turbulence is normal. But I would rather you cancel another flight because it is too to fly, then to put passengers through the flight of their lives.Oh and when you finally do land and are thanking your maker that you are in fact still alive, its probably that you don't have to overhear the pilots saying Wow, that was scary. I'm surprised we landed alright.Morons. They should pay for the I'll have for the rest of my life. [SEP]
5	This, my friends, is THE place to get some very Chinese food. The servings are HUGE for what you're paying...shucks, they are huge no matter which way you look at it so be careful not to order too much food unless you want leftovers. Who doesn't leftover Chinese food anyway?My are the and chicken, the Egg Foo Yung and the chow mein. You will not be disappointed.You'll also find the soups on the back of the menu at an average of 4 bucks or so. You will be surprised when you get the bowl...it can feed at least 6 people. She will bring small bowls out and serve it for you at the table. Give the and soup a try.As for the service, it depends on how you look at it. Don't be to get up and refill your own water. Shoot, the waitress is the only one that's there, give her a already. She must own the joint with her husband because there is always this little kid in the corner playing on his laptop. So, get your own water and your own take home containers if you want. She doesn't have a with it.Yes, the place is a little but you don't go there to look at stuff. It's not dirty, just down. You'd be down too if you practically gave away your food in to your customers. Who has money for new furniture if you take care of your customers bellies. The lobster, crab and fish are and cheap. Try finding lobster somewhere else in the valley for 10 bucks a pound, I dare ya. So, head on out, just don't go on a Wednesday, that's their day off. They are open 11AM to 11PM every other day though. You can call in your order and pick it up if you don't want to look at the place.Oh yeah, and if you ever go in there and it horrid, it's not the place, it's a dish that some customers order called Salty Fish. It to all heck! If that plate comes out I usually pack up my food, giggle and finish my meal at home. I don't mind one bit, that's just the way it is.Oh and the waitress does speak English, however, you wont find many Caucasians frequenting this place. That means the food is authentic! [SEP]
4	Citizen Public House is a addition to the Old Town dining scene. I seeing restaurants crop up in that part of town that aren't just catering to the bar scene and making the food an afterthought. My girlfriend and I made reservations for Friday night expecting Bernie Kantak's new restaurant to be packed. Much to our surprise when we arrived, the place was with tons of open tables. We purposely arrived early to a cocktail at the bar and even though we could have been seated away, we pressed forward with our original plan.At the bar, I ordered my usual cocktail while the GF ordered a sangria off their cocktail menu. We also ordered an order of the bacon heirloom popcorn from the bar snacks menu. My cocktail was made and my GF the sangria. The popcorn took forever to come out, but when it was delivered they also brought out an order of the calamari compliments of the chef. The popcorn was a little bit and we both thought it could have used some salt, which was surprising since we thought the bacon would have provided that flavor. The calamari was cooked and not in the least. I the pickled fennel on the side, but my GF isn't a fan of fennel, so she didn't try it.After we finished our cocktails at the bar, we moved to a table for the main event. In an move for us, we skipped wine and with beer and cocktails, but I did eye some finds on the wine list. For our appetizer, we ordered the sausage of the day, which was a beef based sausage with a cabbage casing. It was very unique and we both really it. For our main courses, the GF ordered the AZ B.L.T. and ordered the Pork Loin. The B.L.T. had tons of crispy bacon on it, but we both agreed that it was really , but not overall. The Pork Loin, on the other hand, was in my opinion. I the figs and the potato-chevre strudel. Of course, you could put chevre on anything and I would it.When it was time for dessert, we knew that we had to try some of Tracy Dempsey's latest creations. We normally dessert, but decided to each get our own. The GF got the cookies and milk and I had the chocolate toffee bread pudding. The cookies are delivered in a bag that you can take home, which is because you probably won't down the serving of cookies in one setting unless you're sharing. My GF was quite to take home a little bag of cookies to later. My bread pudding was and I wish I could have purchased a gallon of the Maker's Mark ice cream to take home with me. I'll definitely be craving this dessert in the future.The atmosphere of the restaurant is a little austere, even for my taste. It just seems they could a little bit to make it a little bit more and inviting. Service, while extremely friendly, was a little bit throughout the night starting with the snacks at the bar taking a long time and continuing with over what tables plates should be delivered to. Keep in mind the restaurant has been open for only a week, so these are things that can be out.We were really surprised to see the restaurant so empty on a Friday night, so I hope more people give it a try. Citizen is a really neighborhood restaurant that has the potential to be great. We look forward to trying it again to see how it and evolves. I'm really hoping it's a staple in Old Town for years to come. [SEP]
4	THIS PLACE IS IF YOU ARE TRAVELING WITH YOUR DOG!The double bed room was extremely and updated. fluffy pillows and duvet covers. Bathrooms and new looking. The daily breakfast bar was and the sitting area and nice. The one was the AC. Jeez it was a bucket and kept us up at night. we would turn it off until we would wake up sweating and then turn it on for an hour, wake up and turn it off.....oh brother. I would have a night sleep, since everything else was nice. Pets and that was a bonus. [SEP]
5	Two other AC companies were going to charge me double for the same fix. Accutemp has a new customer for life! Highly recommend! [SEP]
5	If you are looking for TLC in very unique pet products and family style customer service, Pet Boutique and spaW is where you need to go. They have retailed my collection of Digs there for going on 3 years, since the first day she opened her doors. I have seen her business and become the destination and extra sunshine of the Troon Area. Her (sort of Doris Day way) makes you feel you are in her home and makes want you to come back often. She carries a huge collection of class act merchandise from clothes to a Kitty high-rise and offers grooming. She is the trip. [SEP]
4	Well, we all went to a going away party here at Casey Moore's Oyster House and the place was lots of security around but very parking (we parked a few blocks away and had to walk in) food was but my onion soup was way to salty though and the dip sandwich was by far the item to order on the menu (just sliced meat and bread) and I had order it. My wife ordered the shrimp scampi and for some reason it came out with a heavy cream sauce, no because it was but it was not scampi. Tuna was I had a chance to taste it and that cooked and I did notice a co- worker leave the 1/2 of the fish and chips on there plate no a sign. Clam chowder was as a few friends did say they it. Calamari was off the chain Perfect. The server was warm, and and had some suggestions for dinner and was very and waited for us to have few rounds before we ordered dinner. The place is big and it seems that if you would come and sit in a different place each time it would be going to a different place. Music was jamming something for everyone. Folks were and the place was packed. Now, it seems it could use a wipe down, moping an a power wash in a few spots but I guess after a few ones you don't see it anymore. Will I go back? Yes, I would, food, music and folks all in a mood I'm there.4 stars due to they are still a littler ruff around the edges.Peace :) [SEP]
5	MMMM. THIS IS. A TASTY BURGER. - Jules. Pulp Fiction.I this place, my siblings this place, and it's the thing I've got to remembering times back home in California. It's a quick fix for people who want burgers at a price. It always hits the spot when I'm feeling a fatty. :)Even considered biking all the way here from my house when my car was and going through the drive through. (Coz the kids did it back then... In CA anyway haha. And employees didn't care.)I agree that drive thru is an atrociously long wait during the afternoon (after school). Peeps who here seem since I always ALWAYS, ask them for the hats and throw dozens and dozens of ketchup packets in with my to-go orders. Biiiiiiiiiiig plus! [SEP]
5	Fresh. Tasty. Interesting. People Watching.Love everything I have tried here. The Hour tapas are excellent. My daughter could not get of the garlic chicken one.The 3-bean plate is delish - kinda meatless chili but you don't the meat. The fruit salad is massive and the fruit served with it is completely top-notch.Wait staff is mostly college girls, which is hardly ever a completely thing. Never had a with good, service, which CAN be a sometimes.I go eat there as often as is reasonable. Highly Recommended. [SEP]
1	I had one of the experiences of my vegetarian life here. I had been to Johnny Rocket's before and gotten the vegan option so I knew I would be ok going here. I was out with my meat eating sister and my pescatarian husband so I figured this place would be the for all three of us to get what we want. We get in and I ordered a burger that wasn't the Streamliner (1st mistake), and just ordered it with the BOCA burger. The waitress takes our order, my husband also ordered his with a BOCA. About 20 minutes later the food comes out. The patty looks right. I was a little and I should have gone with my gut feeling on not eating here this day, but I ignored it. It had been awhile since I had eaten a BOCA patty (over a year), so I THOUGHT it looked right. (2nd mistake)I start eating it and about half way through it the bill hits our table. It was in there so the waitress must have been trying to get us out of there. So I look at the bill and notice both my husband and my burgers say Turkey substitution. I immediately start to out. We call the waitress over and explain to her that we ordered BOCA, why does it say Turkey? She then tells us that it is BOCA it just says turkey. I say, no that doesn't sound right. So she goes to talk to her manager I guess because we never saw her again. The manager comes over to our table and apologizes profusely for what happened. I'm because how the do you BOCA and Turkey? I mean, really. I know some people might think how did I not know the difference. And I thought that to myself as well, but the truth is it slipped by me even though it shouldn't have. And it me every time I think about it. I will never come to this Johnny Rockets again, if any of them ever again because of this experience. All I can say is, if you are vegan or vegetarian, and you go to any of the Johnny Rockets, make sure that your waitress/waiter knows that a BOCA burger isn't meat. that to them. Because obviously they aren't trained to know what the difference is. [SEP]
2	Happened to be at the mall around 6:30pm and decided to go to Z'Tejas for dinner. It was a 25 min wait. Looked across the way and saw lots of open tables at Kona Grill. That ought to have registered as a red flag but since I was starving I guess my mental acuity was off. The hostess sat us in the back of the restaurant with a view of the hallway to the restrooms. We commented to our hostess that we were close to the restrooms. She chirped, yeah. End of discussion. I ordered a grey goose on the rocks, you know, vodka and ice in a glass. What I got back wasn't grey goose and it was mixed with soda, but it was in a glass though. My wife ordered a rib eye sandwich, medium. What she got was still breathing. My Korean chicken was almost but I attribute most of that to the spices. It was but not great. I will say that our server was and the manager did come by to check on us. This used to be a spot but seems to be going through a transition period to become mediocre. Too bad. [SEP]
4	Being from out of town each time I visit Surprise Portofino is a must stop. The decor could use some sprucing up but over all it's and clean. The service is excellent. The staff is very attentive. Always to bring you another plate of bruschetta (and it's free!). If you go an a weekend in the evening you get to hear the sounds of Buddy Raymond. His tunes add to the ambiance. He is very entertaining. My family has actually become of Buddy and look forward to his oldies. We only visit Portofino on nights that he will be in attendance. I had the of visiting Portofino last weekend and can't wait till the next time! [SEP]
4	Some hits and some misses.Hits : bruschetta and saladsMisses: Pizzas other then the margherita (luckily though I got the scrumptious tomato and mozzarella pizza)Great service and food. [SEP]
4	This place really hits the spot. It's everything a hamburger place should be and nothing it shouldn't. Their burgers are good-sized and delicious. I attribute their scrumptiousness to the bread in the buns, but their meat is as well; add some cheese and green chiles, and it's a bunch of ingredients decided to get together to take part in creating one of the burgers in town with a little help from the grill. The fries are effing too.The pitchers of beer are and cold, and if you want to feed your inner hipster they also have bottles of PBR and cans of Schlitz. Not a lot to feast the eyes on - the place has a real old-school bar feel - but the food compensates for what it may in elegance. [SEP]
3	breakfast! The rest of the menu however is average. [SEP]
4	I heard about this little earlier in the week, and after looking at the menu online and reading some reviews from fellow yelpers, I decided I would try it out. The restaurant was very and I the music playing, but I think it could use a little more color in the dining room. I was greeted upon entering and was asked if I had been here before. The waiter was very and took the time to explain some of the dishes to me. I asked about the pof pof and he explained that they are donuts, but better. I passed on them. I ordered the steak over jolof rice, a meat patty, and plantains. First came out the meat patty. The pastry tasted cornmeal to me, and not I had hoped. The filling was quite and just spice without going overboard. The steak was very and flavorful, with a little bit of heat. For the price, you get your money's and I'll have left-overs for tomorrow's lunch. Before leaving, the waiter gave me a pof pof, and in my opinion, it was than a donut.I'll definitely be going there again.John H [SEP]
2	I could remember Tokyo Expresses were everywhere in the valley. I their food. I was surprise to see them around and to eat the food again. We entered the place and it bleach. STRONG. It is ok. We move to the menu and ordering area. Everyone picked out their meal. Ordered and sat down. We got our food quickly. I got the Katsu Chicken meal (side sui may and drink). The sauce in the Katsu was kinda of bland. I remember the sauce was savory. The sui may, I am sure was the pre-made kind. I was hungry so I ate it. [SEP]
5	Quality sushi, ambiance, and the chefs there are a blast to talk with. Definitely a visit. [SEP]
4	I grew up at Word of (now City of Grace). Way before the new buildings and it just the small little church. I Pastor Gary. I would give him 5 stars. We moved but I had always considered this my home church. When we moved back to AZ I started again and was really with the young adults ministry and and worship. I left when I wasn't getting anything out of it and not much longer did they join with City Church. I think they are but I have hope for them. Pastor Terry is the new head pastor and he has the Joel Osteen vibe, which isn't for me, but he is very nice. They are non- denominational and their congregation to handle sins or situations other churches don't want to touch in of being labeled as 'haters' or what not. I hope that anyone who attends will understand their views do not come from hate. It makes me that the other reviewer had such a experience and I don't that she wasn't treated with kindess as every church seems to have those people. I am not sure what she means by 'closed-minded' but I know there are people that at every church. I hope others do not have that experience and I hope the church can on that as a whole. people need to feel and accepted as they are. They are also with the community- homeless outreaches, drug addiction help, and so many things I cannot begin to list. If you ever want to help your community City of would be a place to get ideas of where/how you can help. If pastor Terry isn't for you I would Chandler(my home church) or Central Christian. They are not closed-minded but they also won't sins that are major issues. IE divorce, porn, sex, sexuality, infedility, etc. on finding your home church!! [SEP]
4	Not too many video stores around. I will probably be joining Netflix soon, but for now this place as a video store. They have movies Redbox doesn't have yet, in addition to older movies Redbox will never have. The service has always been here. My girlfriend has the mail in deal so movies are mailed to her then you can take those and exchange them at this place for different movies. [SEP]
5	customer service you can find! I buy all of my reptiles and feeders from these guys!James the owner is and very to answer any and all questions you have.he will even probe your snakes for free!Every animal i have bought from them has been in tip shape!Their prices are and the employees are awesome!I suggest them over any and all shops in the east valley including az reptile center and predators.Give em a shot you will be you did! [SEP]
5	restaurant. Service was great. Food was excellent. Their hour from 3-7 is great. 3.00 entree's. Everything from a 1/2 pound burger to margherita flat bread pizza is just 3.00. appetizer is the shrimp and eggplant in black peppercorn sauce. [SEP]
1	Don't know where I should start. opening was on September 17th, 2010. We went to try this new Sum place at the Mekong Plaza as they heavily advertised in the chinese newspapers and were advertising 30% off.When I got there, the biggest is that they tried to make their portion of the Food Court as a regular Chinese restaurant. So imagine the picture of chandeliers hanging in the middle of a food court in the mall. It just looks too tacky, I thought they should've went with a more food type sum they have in San Gabriel, California.Upon checking in with the hostess, they don't even numbers, they only call you by name. So that was already different from how usual chinese restaurant run things. Totally not at all.Once we finally got a seat, things got worse.Our Har Gow/Shrimp dumpling was raw! The skin was thick and clumpy, the shrimp was severely undercooked. We asked them to exchange for another one, and it was still raw. We also had to exchange the shrimp egg roll as it was also raw. Their was that they were too busy and did not have time to fully cook the food. Ok.....so how are the other 100s of asian restaurants able to serve sum at a pace with fully cooked food? That was probably the lamest excuse.The trademark beef internal organs that I always to order was pathetic. They charged the large price for a tiny little bowl, there were only a few tendons and mostly filled with Daikon. The BBQ Pork bun, another staple of sum, was not that either. There was barely any char siu in the bun, and the exterior of the bun was not fully cooked.I understand that it is their first operating weekend, but the idea of a chinese dimsum place at a food court just doesn't fly in my opinion. They even offer wedding banquets here too. I don't think I'll be returning here unless they really upgrade the quality of the food. The idea is definitely novel, but will be a sell. [SEP]
3	I it then Denny's so I stop on by to get some breakfast. It's okay not the place in the world but if your having a time picking between after hours with Dennys and Waffle house I would pick waffle house for sure. [SEP]
5	If you have never been before you should really try harder... Your mother taught you than that. Go and buy a smoked pecan paleta. [SEP]
4	A night in a city that knows how to keep its secrets. But on the 12th floor of the Acme building, one man is trying to find the answers to life's persistent questions: Guy Noir, Private Eye. (THEME) It was a night in November. November 23rd in fact. I remember the date because it was my birthday. The snow birds that had started to flock from their summer homes had long since retired for the evening and the godfearing people of Phoenix had closed shop. My two companions and I were looking for a place to fill our bellies. moths to a flame we were attracted to a light coming from a parking lot. We exited the car.Are you going to Mama Mia's?A petite girl with the kind of body men write home about stepped out of the shadows. I was going wherever she took me.We were through the kind of kitchen you only see in mob movies. I wasn't going to ask what they put in the sausage.We stepped in and figured out our toppings. Trying to figure out toppings for one pizza between three people you may as be figuring out fusion with a box of toothpicks and some masking tape. But with the plethora of options I felt I had a bag of bananas in a monkey house and we narrowed it to basil and tomato.The pizza was exactly what a and private eye myself needed on a night this.Man working register- Is that a wig?Jetta- Yeah its a wig.We left the pizza joint as as a twister in a trailer park.Jetta- I am so getting a weave. (THEME MUSIC) A night in the city that knows how to keep its secrets, but a light shines on the 12th floor of the Acme Building -- Guy Noir, Private Eye?. (THEME UP AND OUT) [SEP]
2	Not impressed, atmosphere, sandwiches. 10 employees behind the counter and no tables. How many people does it take to make a sandwich? More the employees are just here to out with each other than work. [SEP]
4	Lovato's was the first place that I ever went to spend more than $12 dollars on a haircut. They are awesome. The place is family owned, and Art and his son Scott both had their turn at cutting my nappy hair and made it look spectacular! I have since opted for someplace closer but often conversing with Scott about working out with his Ultimate Fighting friends. He often had the to prove it. Art would generally dry my hair making it slightly poofy and not unlike his own Frankie Avalon style, but once I got home and styled it on my own, the cut was perfect.Mrs. Lovato, whose first name I really wish i could remember, always offered some ice lemonade while I waited and I always felt an guest. Scotts kids can often be found the floors in the summer and they are about the cutest things you will ever see.For guys that a masculine place to get their haircut, but want time and attention given to their look at the same time, this place is perfect.They do all that chicky stuff too including waxings but I can't say that I got experience from them on that end. [SEP]
1	We ordered. I had to return my chicken tenders. Undr cooked and rubbery. My wife ordered a hamburger and is now home throwing it up. what a experience. We have been huge and now this? I called and spoke with someone who barely has a grasp on our language and they said they would get back to me. Still waiting My wife is in bed looking so sick. We will never return!! [SEP]
4	Only a Mexican food would undrmine such a Traditional restaurant (and believe me we have plenty of those here in Arizona). This is old school Mexican food folks and it's about as as it gets. The atmosphere is and I personally it but it is not but then again Mexican food normally isn't. It's simple and that's what Arriba's is. If Arriba's were located in any Eastern state it would easily be the in the entire state. The beans were the salsa was and the service was fast. [SEP]
1	Breakfast..........NOT, Again food when it supposed to be hot....people of this over price place and of care for the customer it seems that this is the way of doing business.*** Again a place to visit but DO NOT EAT HERE.*** And DO NOT CARE! [SEP]
4	I'm a haircut customer. I never remember how I get my haircut and squared or rounded, I just don't keep track. I've been to all of the chains and was thinking that maybe I should finally find just one person to cut my hair for now on until I got a coupon. I really my visit, I didn't get the MVP thing cause I wasn't expecting it and I didn't have time for it. They are all and quick. Only once was I not fully with the cut, but it's hair it grows back. They are a bit more but I always go with a coupon, I get them every month. I'm not the most talkative person so it gets kinda when you sit there in silence so I that you can just sit there and watch sportscenter. [SEP]
4	Food is great. Thai in West Valley. Always get takeout so not sure about the service, but takeout is always when they say it will be ready. The atmosphere is and - about a dozen to fifteen tables or so. Place always seems when I pick my food up and has the type of decor you'd expect to see in a Thai restaurant. I usually get red chicken or beef curry hot, and my wife gets green curry mild. The food is excellent. Their egg rolls aren't very most places. Spring rolls are also made to order with veggies. The only thing is, sometimes the spiciness of the curry will be spicier some days and not as spicy others. Other than that, this place is great. [SEP]
4	I almost wept when I saw they had opened a Slices at this end of town. I don't know what makes this pizza so wonderful, but it's delicious. Try the veggie or white pizza... I hear the potato bacon is too.The downside:The place is usually inside. I dunno if they are trying to save a couple bucks and not run the A/C but those ovens make it warm! Just grab your slices and go sit outside in the foodcourt area instead. [SEP]
4	The food wasn't but it was very good. The service was excellent. The decor was very cool. A experience. selection of wines by the glass. Very experience. [SEP]
3	Cliché Central. Style without substance can be summed up in their cheese plate: pineapple, melon, grapes, herbed chevre, Babybel minis (they even leave the wax on for ya) and cubes of pepper jack and colby jack served with sesame crackers. I can't make this up. They serve a lot of martinis as the name implies, very few of which actually contains the ingredients for a martini. But then again, now that I've described the cheese plate, this should come as no surprise. If you, dear reader, decide to open a bar, it's really quite simple. Get everyone drunk, quickly, and hire bathroom attendants to squirt soap into your customers' hands. Oh no, we're not in a recession. The Ferrari up front was paid in cash, I'm quite sure. And that woman over there? 100% real. Ok that degraded quickly. my evening. If you strip everything away and look at it for what it is, Blue Martini is spot to get in an attempt to forget reality. If that's your thing, and want to feel about your age, check it out. [SEP]
4	So I came here in search for Phoenix's Macaroni and Cheese. Yep, that's right, me and the inner kid in me are in search of the Macaroni and Cheese. So, ordering was simple!So, how was it? good! It was more cheddary than, say, Beckett's Table (which got me started on this dance).The atmosphere was there. However our bubbly waitress probably came over way too much. Also, nobody coming over to refill our drinks (iced tea) could figure out that we had tea and not water. Oh well.On a separate note, I've gone by this place around 2AM it looks a madhouse. Could be a rather time around 2AM! [SEP]
5	I absolutely Club SAR! I joined back in 2010 (I think...). At first, I just went there with my ex (who lived in So Cal and had been boxing) because I have always the sport of boxing and wanted to get into it myself (maybe even join the boxing team). Sadly, I the age to join the boxing team, by a few years... :-(But, at least I could still learn and get fit. :-)We just walked up to the entrance and just took one quick look around and it seemed and small so we were not impressed. So, we left.I found out this used to be just a boxing gym before but eventually they added other classes and equipment for others to enjoy. I went back later on my own and found out how it was!I checked and tried a few other Fitness centers and gyms nearby but, when I decided to actually try one of Club SAR's boxing classes, I was hooked! For a mere $3 (a day) drop-by fee, I was able to get one of the workouts I ever had. I joined after I found out it only cost $75 for the whole YEAR which includes ALL the classes I can take (Boxing, boxing conditioning, Yoga, spin class, kickboxing, weight training, MMA... Yes! MMA too, which I personally love. :-) ). Jonathan & Carlos are and so is Tom. They're funny, friendly, and they actually remember you after only a few classes. The pricing has gone up this year but it is still by far, the possible deal you can find anywhere in the Valley. Fees YEARLY Membership Resident Non-Resident Adult (18+ years) $99 $150 Child (14-17 years) $50 $75 Daily Drop-In Fee $3 Residents; $5 Non-Residents If you are serious about getting fit, staying in shape and getting a old-fashioned workout without all the posing and pretentiousness of other gyms which are more meeting places and meat markets for the young Scottsdale wannabes, this gym is definitely for you!Personally, I the boxing classes because they will kick your butt, they are fun, get you fit and, in shape. :-)They just got new heavy bags so there are 2 heavy bags, 1 hooks bag, several Bob bags, 2- double-ended bags and 3 speed bags in the main workout areas. Plus, a bunch more standing weighted-base heavy bags in the other kickboxing/Yoga room. And, in case you didn't notice from the picture, a full-size boxing ring. Yes. I am totally this gym! P.S. This is a no frills, serious gym. So, no whinnying and crying. it up and do some push-ups! ;-)Call them for more details: (480) 312-2669 [SEP]
5	I had an experience here and highly Dr. Dachs. He is here to be a dentist, not just to get rich. His hygienist was a rock star: So and very gentle. I nearly asleep during the cleaning.I found my way to this practice after a experience at another dentist just half a mile away (see my review of Belmont Dentistry on Raintree). Dr. Dachs was just so and reassuring while still maintaining a very high level of professionalism. I am very that my second opinion quest me to him. I now finally have a dentist in Scottsdale I can trust!I definitely selecting this practice. It may take a little time to get in, but it's it. They also with insurance. [SEP]
5	Woohoo is right. My hubby and I have gone a few times for hour and always ourselves. Last night was the so far. We were a few Left Hands and ordered the Tuesday night pizza special. It was 2 for 1 basically so we each ordered our fave. Apparently the GM thought my pizza was too done so he brought out the burnt one and already had another one cooking. I actually my pizza that way but hey, I could understand where he was coming from. The second pizza was beautiful, a of art. My husband's pie was great, all he kept saying was how the crust was. I wil definitely bring all my friends and clients here. Special service too! thanks again to Dan the general manager and our server Reina ( there isn't a word,is there?) Linda and Ron [SEP]
3	I tasted my first Qdoba burrito last night. I went with the Queso Steak burrito. The burrito was hearty with lots of meat, rice and beans topped off with pico and some cheese and cream. My wife her chicken burrito bowl with similar ingredients.I've had many burritos from taquerias to the burrito chains. Qdoba somewhere in the middle. I would take a Qdoba burrito over a Chipotle or Una Mas burrito any day based on my initial experience.The staff was and we were in and out for our take out order within 3-5 minutes. [SEP]
4	I went here for dinner last night with a group and we had service. The specialty drinks were yummy and were a deal! My (out of two I had tried) was the ketel-one pineapple martini! My sister had a house salad, the dressing tasted homemade, and the croutons were and crunchy! I had the Positano Steak Sandwich which was great, my only it was a little too salty, and the fries (and I fries) were tasty! Other people had the lasagna and they it. My sister had the baby back ribs and them. If you're looking for a pub-like restaurant that has prices, tasty food (with a of items on the menu), and cocktails, Keegan's is your place! [SEP]
5	Roka Akor has a atmosphere, and a slightly menu to pick from. Everything looks so good, and in a new environment, I want to try it all! But my date and I, after much deliberation, decided to go for broke, as it were and if we couldn't finish, at least we had a sample of the menu. For an appetizer, we got the butterfish tataki and the burnt red tomato salad. These were yummy little tidbits that disappeared off the plate quickly. The butterfish was delicate, and the salad was - the greens had all sorts of different flavors, and not that generic clump of lettuce flavor I hate. From the sushi menu, I was feeling and had never had raw red meat before, so I ordered the wagyu gunkan. My date saw the amount of green onions piled on of this dish and oh-so-chivalrously gave me his piece. It's true that you needed a appreciation of green onion to these as served. The wagyu beef is ground nearly to a puree - which I wasn't expecting, and I thought the onion was a bit much. At for the skewers we ordered, my date his potatoes the best, but I was partial to the crispy BBQ. These turned out to be two large ovoid and shapes of rice, run through with a skewer. white sushi rice in the center, the outside was caramelized with what tasted the BBQ sauce that comes on eel sushi, which gave the whole thing a nice, crispy shell. At this point, I got to what I consider to be the crowning of the meal: the yuzu marinated black cod. The cod, cooked on the robata grill in a leaf, was meltingly and delicately flavored. It was an effort to be share fairly. I believe my date said after our first taste of it, Just eat what you want and I'll finish ..., I looked up from my chopsticks, ... you know what? Just cut me off half. I wasn't sure that I could handle dessert after eating so much, but we finally decided it wouldn't be not to give the dessert menu a looking over, right? So we ordered the baked green tea custard, and it was a pick after a gut-busting meal. Light and airy, it also had some carbonation to it that tickled my taste buds and made me giggle a lot as I was eating it. Our sampler of shochu ranged from to harsh, at least to my taste buds. In order starting with least harsh: pineapple, honeycomb, raspberry, and apple. I didn't the last two, but the pineapple was, in my mind, a thing to drink when you're not paying attention. Smooth. That's it for the food, and as for the service, it was and considerate; glasses were kept full, and empty plates whisked away. There was, however, one glaring exception that nearly overpowered the entire evening with its oddness. The waiter, who had up till this point been very and chatty, about menu items, and generally a guy, handed me his phone number and told us to call him any time we wanted to go partying. What am I supposed to do with this? Are we going to call our waiter up and say ... well, what? It flummoxed me. [SEP]
5	I this place. My gf and I go every time we visit her parents in north scottsdale. Pro'squick and easy. service. clean. food. management. not too expensive. they also post nutrition info on their menu (that alone is laudable). cons,the salad dressing is quite sharp. [SEP]
4	Go here frequently, and have never ran into any of the other's have yelped about...Best rollsVegasDamn goodSpicey cowboy/cowgirlI sashimi...but unless I'm someplace where it just came out of the water...I'm not eating it...so can't comment on that.We usually go late in the afternoon and have always had service and once we had a birthday party with 15 people on a busy night..My Only is the bathroom...it needs some work.....and I do not hearing employees talking on their cell phone while sitting on the toilet. [SEP]
5	This is my restaurant in Tempe. The food is with many vegetarian options. The atmosphere is usually and the servers are all nice. Highly [SEP]
5	This place is everything a sports bar should be. Lots and lots of TV's...for one. I being able to watch 4 different sports and play trivia all at the same time.The drink specials are decent. They're not a dollar or anything, but the big beers are on hour.The food is great! So far I've only tried the spinach dip, wings and their all-you-can-eat fish & chips. All of them were seriously delicious! These types of food are standard in sports bars but I've definitely had my share of food items from other places. These certainly surpassed my expectations.And last but not least, their star of the show, Debbie. One of the bartenders I've ever seen. She runs that bar a champ, knows nearly every face that walks through that door, and pours drinks. And by great, I mean a drink that's not so that you can't taste anything else in it.We frequent this place quite often, and for reason. Do yourself a and stop in! [SEP]
4	This is my second time @ J&G's. First time I hoenstly it. Second time WAYYY better!My bf & I stayed @ the Phoenician for a little stay-cation a few weekends ago. We decided to give J&G's another shot. We are both we did! When we came in our table was not so they sat us at the bar. We got 2 drinks and snacked on yummy popcorn and nuts - SO good! I wanted to bring it to the table lol - don't I totally didn't!We ordered a bottle of white wine and my bf ordered the Crispy Calamari ($12) to start. I was when he said it was really tasty! He is so with his calamari, so already off to a start! I ordered the Arugula and Boston Lettuce Mustard Vinaigrette salad ($10 i know I am such a date) and he ordered the Pacific Halibut Summer Vegetable Vin Cilantro ($30). We also got a side of Roasted Mushrooms Herbs and Chilies ($9) and Steamed Broccoli ($9). Overall the meal was very good! All the flavors were and so was the service. We will definitely return! :) [SEP]
4	Another fox restaurant concept-- and simple. I going here, the service was but the portions were kinda small and most of the patrons were really ugly. I did have something there-- a marscapone creamed corn-- it was awesome! [SEP]
3	place...Need more restaurants..! huge airport...so long walks..! [SEP]
5	Sam, Sven, and all the vendors here make the market special. [SEP]
5	I am being with my review. I am since this place has been one of my restaurants for years. I it in Georgia and this place continues the tradition of rocking faces off - Italian style. I went to this locale for my birthday party with about 20 friends (unbelievable, I know). This place was more than accommodating. The waitress was fantastic, even though we were a in the butt come check time. I took her suggestions for our family style dinner and not one disappointed. I highly the Rigatoni D and Chicken Prosciutto. Both were entrees. To it off, we finished out with tiramisu. There is nothing I can say for this place. The atmosphere is what you would expect from a large italian restaurant. I personally that their waiting area is also the bar. That is just thinking. It truly is a place that is nestled in north Scottsdale. I am in love... [SEP]
3	1. Customer Service2. Atmosphere3. Margaritas4. YUMMIE Carna Asada Burrito [SEP]
4	It's a cafe on a resort, so you figure you're about to drop major amounts of dough on average tasting food, right? Happily, here it's not *that* bad. I got to order 3 different things from here. The Java Chip blended coffee (possibly actually called a frappe) was.. good, but not $5 good. Starbucks offers quality, and premade mix, for less. The second thing I ordered was a scoop of rose water gelato and a scoop of mango gelato during half price gelato. Much better. The gelato was smooth, rich, and very freshly flavored. Finally I had a feta cheese and spinach empanada. This was also very good, the feta being subtle and the empanada having amounts of spinach baked in a crusty bread.Overall, quality food, OK quality drink, value for your money. [SEP]
5	I searched hi and lo and had only been able to make on the very lo with regards to Chinese food in the Valley. I am VERY and I rate most Chinese food places based on the thickness of the membrane of their won-ton soup and the colour of their rice. Having passed my non doughy and not yellow test ( yup people, some places give you dumplings versus and yellow Spanish Rice in a Chinese restaurant), I was able to look into the quality of their other food items.When you can deliver Mei Singapore style noodles with no residue, I feel you deserve that illusive fifth star. Service was and there was a lot of foot traffic for take away items. I also note that they offered iced Thai tea with cream. My buddy got a plate of broccoli, tofu, and a Kun Pao sauce. Sorry, but I think he created it himself and they make everything to order just for food such as we.Hmmmm. I am getting hungry. I think I will go there now. if I should get their pepper steak. [SEP]
4	I can't speak to the selection, hours, owners, or resident cat. I can tell you that we noticed an 'honor system' as we walked by tonight with our Mojo. An system in this day and age?! Yes please! Friend and I both picked a $1 paperback, shoved our bills under the door, and walked away feeling winners, a transaction between fellow bibliophiles...absolutely lovely! [SEP]
3	This is more of a pizza joint for people who have young kids. They have kid games and it gets in here. The pizza is not too . If I was craving pizza, this place would not be high on my list but, it was an 'interesting' experience nonetheless. I suppose If I had kids or I was a kid I would probably coming here. [SEP]
2	They were busy. I had a bar's eye view of the care that goes into the $3.95 1/2 dozen oysters. I would not order them myself. Dinner felt rushed, I didn't feel a very valued client, and the gentleman next to me waited at least 25-30min for his 1/2 dozen oysters (carelessly of their fluids).My dinner was good, but relied heavily on it's content to carry it's flavor. My cocktails were good, I would come back for those.It took another 10min just to pay my tab after I had finished. My dishes were cleaned up by a bartender who looked he just run a marathon, with sweat. Not exactly how I to finish my evening.Thanks, but no thanks Pappadeaux. [SEP]
5	So, my friend and I went first to Yasu because we heard it was great. We were traveling on business and therefore using company plastic. So, we show up and the kid working the door says in a very Spicolli-like voice, uh.... our credit card machine is tonight..... So we replied that we were on expense accounts and would there be any way they could manually run our credit cards... The guy replies, dude, you're outta luck....Funny, considering that I am a guy who eats out a lot and am not to spend a lot of money in a place when the food and service is good... I wont be going back in there...So we made our way to Hiro..... We were pissed and hungry after driving around and dealing with all over town. Hiro was just what the doctor ordered. We sat down and were greeted and served drinks away. We put our sushi order entirely in the hands of our chef who did not disappoint. He brought out order after order of sushi and sashimi... We had beer, sake and a night.... When it was said and done, we spent about $250 for the two of us which was a lot but it..... I'm sure you could go and have a meal for much less, but we were going big and NOT PAYING!!!!! Morale of the story is that Yasu's children working that night ran us out and straight to their competition where we will be spending money in the future... Go check out Hiro! [SEP]
3	Totally for a few rounds of pool or darts while keeping an eye on the 67 tv screens they have mounted on the walls.Just stick to the pitchers of domestic beer. I ordered a rum and coke and it tasted cleaning products. I would come back, but only if I didn't feel driving all the way to in Tempe. [SEP]
2	Yikes. The only reason this place gets 2 stars instead of 1 is because I think their Baja chicken burrito is tasty & their Mango Salsa.Cons:The place is (dont take my word, read the other reviews)The employees are always bullshitting until they rudely ask you what you want to order.The employees never offer suggestions, which may be an English Language barrier.The front door handle was my last time I went in here. Unreal.The burritos are likley to squirt and get extremely on the last few bites....sick. Dont eat in the car unless you have a blanket in your lap, gross. If Im craving a burrito, I will likely just go to the Chipotle across the street and wait in line for 15 mins VS this place....I think the only way Ill come back to this location is strait up their salsa and limes from their salsa bar.This place would be if they got friendlier harder working employees that actually cleaned the place up a bit. [SEP]
3	Calling all Vegans, Gluten Free's, Vegetarians and those who eating healthy. is probably your Garden of Eden. Hidden within the Optima, is a health food fan's paradise. The environment is and and so is the food. Upon walking inside, I noticed how and the restaurant was. Everyone had the same attitude and I could tell that this is a restaurant you visit to relax and still feel when you leave. The menu is detailed but not overwhelming. The only part was trying to decipher what each icon indicated and soon I learned that most of the food is gluten free, vegan, vegetarian or some other food lifestyle other than carnivore. But, for those not following an alternative food lifestyle, it's still tasty and makes me rethink my cuisine decisions! serves breakfast all day (bonus) as as lunch. It's a brunch spot. The eggs Benedict is spot on. I can't tell what sort of herb or tweak they add to the hollaindase sauce but it doesn't taste your typical eggs benedict. Their breakfast sandwich is tasty as but a little bit more on the dry (and healthy) side. Their ingredients are as is their produce. If they push the cinnamon roll on you it's because it's a cinnamon god's protege and every calorie consumed. Plus it's flowing with frosting. has a patio for dining as as seating inside, but the patio is covered that even on a day it's to sit outside. So in summary, is a choice if you're looking for a meal that will fill you up. I will absolutely be back and I can't wait to try some of the lunch items that looks tasty. Note: Be sure to check the times before visiting Nourish. I was surprised to find out that they open at 11:00 on Saturdays but 9:00 on Sundays. [SEP]
3	I'll go because they just opened this location.1) The onion ring batter won't stay on the onion. The onion was a bit raw too. Try soaking the rings for 24 hours in buttermilk. Then coat twice. Season the flour with garlic and pepper. for me!2) The hour menu is weak!. much chips and snacks type stuff. Nothing sliders etc.3) The kids mac & cheese is out of a box. Really guys? It takes two seconds to make mac & cheese from scratch. Go to allrecipes.com if you need help.4) The burger meat is in flavor but the burger seasoning.5) The menu is way too big. A scaled down menu with quality would be better.6) The nachos are with that queso cheese. People traditional nachos. Stack them high and layer them with cheddar. all the toppings. You are a sports bar.7) IMO.. drop all of the steaks etc from the menu. You're a sports bar. Leave that to Mastros and Flemings. People want bar food in a sports bar.Bottom line.... the atmosphere, food is OK, beer was cold, price is a little high for what you get, menu is too big, quality of food is OK. What would I do? Interview a new Chef to bring in some changes. luck. I'll stop by again for a hour and give you another try. Cheers. [SEP]
2	Eh... pasta is way to salty. Just just cause Mario B says cook your pasta in salt water, doesn't mean you have too and then salty sauce on of it. Tried to tell the manager but got blown off. Just because you for FRC doesn't mean you know what food is. Also, pizza greasy. [SEP]
4	cheese steaks since the last time i was in Philly. Highly [SEP]
3	I don't know if it tastes Chicago or not but it's to say that the stuff is cooked to order and and overstuffed, so maybe it is Chicago?The atmosphere is I guess, but I'm a Bears fan so it's seeing the old memorabilia on the walls. [SEP]
5	Tuck Shop is definitely one of my restaurants in Phx. Everything is from the service to drinks to food to overall experience. Definitely go soon! [SEP]
5	This subway is one of the cleanest, and most subways I have EVER been to. I've only been in the evenings, but I have to say every time I walk in, someone is always cleaning something. Their employees are and the food under the glass is looking and appetizing and in their own bins. Sometimes you can go to a subway and the prep area is a wreck. Thats what makes this Subway so great. Everything is in it's place, and and makes you feel they take in their work. Absolutely I will go here again, and I can't say that about many Subways unfortunately. [SEP]
5	Its not a standard restaurant as it is in the middle of a grocery store...but thats just what it is get over it! The food however is fantastic! I ordered the samosa chaat...A samosa covered in chick peas and other sauces and chatney. A Punjabi snack! The portion was very and the price cheap. I also recently ordered a dozen samosas to bring home and serve at a dinner party. Very and service. I will be a regular from now on! [SEP]
3	Sam is da man.I was very with the fare here. I had a bowl with noodles and chicken on my first outing, and it was awesome. Another time I came I felt way hungry, so I ordered the SUMO bowl. Whoa. The bowl is a 32 oz bowl, I could have had it all chicken though. The beef is meh. I agree with another yelper that the eggrolls are subpar. They are grilled I guess? I dunno, lame. At another location they had these carnival cookies that were awesome. Another of cookies were the butterscotch. OMG. Amazin. So yes... Sam is da man. [SEP]
5	As one of my restaurant's in Scottsdale, the Herb Box is the place for a patio and lunch. At dinner the atmosphere is subtly with string lights the patio. Other than the ambiance, the food is some of the local food I've tasted. A personal is the Range Chicken with Goat Cheese... Can you say tasty? My mouth waters just thinking about it. Walking in, the crew at the Herb Box is some of the friendliest you'll ever meet (and the funniest). When you go, make sure to save room for dessert... the cheesecake of the moment is always a win! [SEP]
5	I was referred to Jones Family Dentistry for an procedure. I cannot express how the staff and doctors were. I all the time and help they gave me. The follow up phone call really showed how caring they are. Dentists!!! My family has a new dentist. you!!! [SEP]
2	Store is never stocked. Always out of stock on items. The Walmart on Bell Road is much better. Always has what I need - all the time. [SEP]
2	I got 3 strikes at Verde, hence...I'm out! 1: Not very vegetarian friendly. 2: They have all the necessary items to make nachos, but when asked if they would make me nachos I got a very quick and NO. 3: When forced to order a meat dish and request they not include the meat (the most ingredient) not only did they make no attempt to substitute the meat with maybe beans, or guac, or extra cheese, they still charged full price! I don't want to eat meat and I sure don't want to pay for it. And as far as the food, well, they got that part right, for a place that serves food, when you ask me how my meal was, my response would be Fine. [SEP]
5	Being from San Antonio I Rudy's so much! This Arizona location is similar, but different. The BBQ is definitely a winner, but their now commercialized packaged BBQ sauce is horrible! Bring back the other stuff in the Styrofoam containers! I will still keep coming for the brisket when I'm in the area!!!!! [SEP]
3	Amanda B organized a UYE for Sum here today. They do Sum from a menu instead of carts and it really well. They also have a picture menu to look at with many of the items on it so folks me can have a idea what to order just by picking the picture of stuff they on a prior trip. We were much the only folks there for quite a while and we had the full attention of the staff. Not all of the staff is in English but I can only recall that being a with the tea. I my choices a bit this time, experience helps, and Marian H was me with sauce pairings as there were several to choose from.I almost gave them a 4 but for the restroom. The fixtures had a lot of around them and in general the restroom showed a lot of wear. I flushed the urinal and was washing my hands and it seemed the running water was very loud, I looked over at the urinal and the valve had and the place was indeed flooded. I beat on the valve with my until it rocked back but by that time the floor was quite deep in water. I mentioned it to the hostess and they had someone in there with a mop quickly.I would definitely go back here again. [SEP]
2	Been to this place only once. Coming from Chicago the experience at this place was ok, but I've had much better. Would not go again since I think there are places out here. [SEP]
4	So last Monday the hubs and I got invited out to join some friends for $3 burgers at Maizies ($4 if you add cheese)For 4 burgers (All with cheese on them) and 4 beers our total bill was only $30!!!!!!!! That is a smoking deal if I ever did see one! Our burgers came out and hot. They serve them on chibata bread! They give you a little side of chipotle mayo that is delicious, but not to cover a burger.Our waiter was and friendly! We will for sure be going back [SEP]
3	Wanted Thai food near Chandler tonight but realized few are open on Sundays. Here's how the morning's research played out:1. reviews for Thai Rama on Yelp but no hours of operation. one.2. Look for hours on restaurant's web site. two. 3. Call restaurant. No voicemail greeting after 34 rings. three looking.4. Discover Facebook page, which despite having just 85 does include hours of operation, as as some feedback from patrons.5. Will try Thai Rama tonight with high expectations. Hope the food is all the effort it took to get the most basic information. [SEP]
5	Sunridge Canyon has been one of my very courses since I first played it 6+ years ago. I have to admit I did here for a two-year span several years ago, but it was one of my favorites before, during, and since then.It's not as hyped as Grayhawk, Troon, and some other courses but it's just as of a layout, if not than some of the more high-end courses in the valley (definitely than the Grayhawk). The course has the rare of being very playable yet very at the same time. You'll be toast if you don't hit it straight on most holes, but you won't be punished for hitting it where you intended some of the blind-shot-heavy courses (i.e. We-Ko-Pa) here in the valley. I've shot in the 70s one day and in the 90s the next out there.Besides the and layout, I also the simplicity of the overall complex. It's not at a big resort, there aren't multiple courses, and there is no clubhouse (not that all those things are always bad). It's just the 18 holes, pro shop, and a restaurant that serves up some food. The staff is and helpful, too. It's a neighborhood course albeit a high-end one. They have some summer rates for locals this summer: Any day, any time for only $35. I all valley golfers to that rate while it lasts. I played yesterday and the course was in shape tee-to-green, and shape on the greens. It's been awhile since I've seen greens roll this on a $35 course here in town.One last, but important, note: It gets WINDY out here. As in, it gets windy every day. The course plays through a canyon and the winds are swirling all the time. An early morning tee time is since it gives you your chance to take on the uphill back-nine without the wind gusting in your face. [SEP]
4	This Ace Hardware is another for the locationally challenged Ridge residents of which I am a part of.The staff is helpful, they've always had what I needed and it's located in a plaza with several restaurants, a gas station, Starbucks and a Safeway. It's so much than running The Home Depot for an item you need, but will never be able to find on your own. That's the thing about Ace, you can always get help when you need it. [SEP]
3	I visited on high reviews. I think it's a little over-rated, but none the less. My burger was a bit overcooked, food was but the service was notch. service, atmosphere (although a bit cramped). I would go again with hopes of a burger. [SEP]
5	Inside the Clarendon Hotel in central Phoenix, Gallo Blanco has quickly made a hit for themselves with hipsters and urban dwellers alike. They offer a alternative for hotel restaurants, with ambiance and food and drink.Gallo Blanco's tacos are surefire hits. They're served individually, and come lined up in an silver taco stand. We've ordered the carne asada and shrimp tacos, and, wow, they're really mouthwatering. The shrimp is flame grilled and seared, bringing out a full flavor. The guacamole is slightly and chunky, and paired with tortilla chips, this is a must-order appetizer. Even the sauces (I the red chipotle one) are addictive, either to accompany the tacos, or to be alone on chips.This restaurant is a addition to the emerging downtown Phoenix foodie scene, and with prices extremely reasonable, you get a lot. A sized meal for two (sans drinks) could ring up at $30-35, which is a value for food. Try Gallo Blanco, bring friends, and get a bunch of items. Although I haven't explored the rest of the menu, I sense that Gallo Blanco's items don't stray far from excellence. [SEP]
4	Definitely going to make this a normal visit instead of waiting 3 years to try it. Kool Aid in a Mason Jar was all I needed to see to know this was not going to be a typical dining experience and something to remember. Food was amazing, the staff was and the prices for the portions were more than fair. Only the off beat location prevents me from making this a 5 star review. [SEP]
5	I pueblo pediatric also! And, also surprised there aren't any reviews!There staff is always and helpful. Rooms are always clean. I take my baby to Dr. Salek. He always answers all of our questions and never makes us feel for asking. He also takes his time and even asks us how we are doing. Most physicians these days are in and out of the room before you can even feel your questions are answered, but Dr. Salek really takes his time. I went in during a very busy day...flu season actually. My baby had a and I called the office to fit me in. They did surprisingly and I saw Dr. Salek. He examined my baby and reassured me his is fighting off and not to worry. as any mom, I was and continued with my questions...I was there for 30 min with him and not once did he make me feel rushed. I even thanked him for squeezing us in and he replied we would rather stay later to see all our patients than to send you to care because we are overbooked. Now that's what I call service...if only MY doctor would fit me in and not send me to care!I haven't seen the other physicians but am sure they are just as good! Also, they are a private practice from what I know so each physician owns part of the practice...meaning they take in what they do! [SEP]
3	It was maybe two months after this place opened that I decided to give it a try. I didn't go to the restaurant, opting instead to use their delivery. I placed a large order for two (~$80) and the food was and delivered withing 30-45 minutes. The food was of restaurant quality and definitely a place to get steaks, but it was no where near the quality you would get from Texas Roadhouse or Outback and neither is the price. I'd definitely trying them if you are looking for a cheat, steak fix. [SEP]
4	I'd always heard tales of the fabled Sonic Drive-In, but it was a whisper in the wind or a thief in the night...I never truly believed. Legends with visions of juicy burgers, fries, creamy milk shakes, and flavored sodas came across state lines into Los Angeles, but how could such be true? What began as an ordinary day would end in a night forever seared into the archives of my mind. As we were blindly driving through the dimly lit streets of Phoenix, an illuminated sign appeared to us, as if an answer to a prayer. Sonic came to us all at once in a haze. We ordered burgers, fries, onion rings, popcorn chicken, a corn dog, chili tots, and shakes upon shakes! Oh, the bargains! We laughed! We danced! We wept! The next morning, all I had was the echo of a stomach as proof of the of the night before.Maybe, just maybe, if I clap my hands and really believe, one will suddenly appear in the South Bay. One can only dare to dream. [SEP]
4	wash, generally quick. Used to be Octopus Car Wash. Has lube and detail center, although I have never used that service. One of the wash places- way than Danny's for sure.. [SEP]
4	This restaurant is close to my office, so we go for lunch at least once a month. I that it's bright, with decor, and the seating is comfortable. Service is always very good. The prices and portions are a average for the area. The cuisine is a on Sonoron, but nothing extraordinary. [SEP]
4	i Barcelona.when i moved to Scottsdale, AZ, this was he first bar i went to. It was down the street from where I lived (which ended up being a location). all of the friends i made during my year there i met here and im still in touch with today,i normally dont get into that whole club scene...but i always had a blast when i was there. i do have to say i would never go there looking for a Mr. if i was single. i don't care for Scottsdale men, they are WANNABE's, drive their BMW's yet live with 6 other roommates just so they can that BMW. If there was a section on Yelp about Scottsdale men, i don't think there would be room for my opinion. this place is full of them YES. But i said, the service is great, i my bartender James. and i always had a BLAST when i was there.i you Barcelona. xoxo [SEP]
5	In a never ending quest to find new lunch spots me and a coworker upon this place. Hearing it from another person we were originally looking for somewhere else.Overall I thought the food was excellent. A portion, and a price you can't beat. A little to order but got exactly what we wanted. Only I can see is no where to sit. So you have to take it to go. Still it. [SEP]
3	Playable muni track for players of all abilities. If you've never played golf, this would be a course to learn at. For low handicappers, it's birdie paradise. Kenny Mac has a large chipping green and two putting greens, as as a driving range equipped with range balls and mats which I to use. The course itself is wide and flat, and is certainly not a destination golf course. The fairways have landing areas and the is hardly penal, while the greens are mostly and large. During the summer time, the fairways run out and the course plays extremely short. 1/2 star for having cart girls. [SEP]
5	Move over Jacques Torres! Angela has come to town and just might be the next big thing for Phoenix (and the confectionary world!) I happened to find this place just on a whim....I was reminiscing the other day about all the chocolatiers in other big cities, and it occured to me 'maybe there is a chocolatier in Phoenix?' Sure enough, there is!! (thanks yelp!) and she's GOOD!!!! Angela is as as her candy is! She explained how she just started this business in October of last year; she is a self-taught, and creative, as as it gets, chocolatier! She uses all organic ingredients, including fair-trade organic chocolate. You will find many whimsical truffle flavor creations Raspberry Rose, Mudslide, Strawberry Balsamic, Lavender Lemonade, Madras Curry, Avacado Wasabi, Maple-Smoked Bacon (yeah, I KNOW!)....and a million more! AND the news of all, is that she says she has perfected a dairy-free recipe for truffles...I. CAN'T. WAIT! I hope I'm the first to order that batch!! Besides beautiful, flavorful truffles, she makes her own marshmallows (in various flavors as well) Chocolate Bark (which is always dairy-free) and even different chocolate mixes. The most thing of all is....now, get for this....all of this comes out of her home kitchen!! THAT means, everything is made with *love* :) So, if you happen to yelp this, I did, the map will actually take you to her business, which is located in her house, in a neighborhood (a little at first....) but it IS LEGIT! She said normally it's by appointment only (I was not) but she had me in and I got to see some of her gastronomic creations anyways (yay!) However, she says that she normally sells her stuff at the South Scottsdale Farmers Market (Wednesdays) and the Tempe Farmers Market (on Warner and McClintock on Saturdays) In fact, if you go to her website, you can customize a box of chocolates and pick it up at the farmers market of your choice... (can't wait to do this!!)Needless to say, this made my day...no, like, my week! SO to have a real, gourmet chocolatier in my own neck of the woods! hoo!! [SEP]
2	I used to be a huge fan of this place, but it was just ok this time around..A bunch of us went and I ordered their steak for two.. 22oz. Thought it might be good. It was dry and had no flavor. She had asked at the beginning Do you guys want A-1? I said No thanks. A steak shouldn't need any sauce. I should have asked for a ton of it.. just ugg..We also got their artichoke, which was actually not too bad. I the one they do at Cheesecake Factory. if you combine both, you have the ultimate smoked artichoke. Everyone was ok with their meal and one of my friends his. He got the chicken steak. Cant really that up I guess. it was good. Id go back, but Im not the fan i used to be of this place. [SEP]
4	service and large portions. I it. Nice, building too. I had the alfredo and it was tastey and was really 2 meals beacuse I had the leftovers for lunch the next day. A little pricey, but not too bad. [SEP]
4	Pho is every time, service is and friendly, potstickers are the I have ever had and they are only $3.50. Plus %10 discount for Intel employees. [SEP]
5	.....................................................................................................................Heated toilet seats [SEP]
4	My first time here. Service was and friendly. Had a HUGE slice of pepperoni to go. Really good, fresh, flavorful pizza. that I can get it by the slice! [SEP]
5	Just went to this theater last night, and it was great! Started with staff...every one of them! (not common these days) Went to get a popcorn, and the girl suggested....why don't you press your button at your seat and someone will come serve you! Take of the service! We went to our seat and after we pressed the service button, someone came within a few minutes. There was a full menu at our fingertips...including alcohol and specialty coffees. Our seats were comfortable, leather (or pleather), roomy, we could stretch out our legs without touching the chairs in front of us, we had 3 cup holders between the both of us, and the seats leaned back. Not a seat in the theater...we got to pick our seats BEFORE we went into the movie on a touch screen computer/pad. I'm really with the prices, too, because for just $2 more than a regular, cramped, loud, teenager-infested movie theater, we felt we were getting First Class treatment, all night! The snack, food and drink prices are typical for a movie theater; but not more than it would be elsewhere. Pretzel was about $4.50 and Hummus was about $6.50 for example. I'm to read Ruth Ann's review because it sounds an incident, and it also sounds they did a lot to take care of the she had...an experience can't be absolutely perfect. In my case, there was a little bit of stickiness near my cup holder, but that's not something that will bring my experience down an entire star or 3! Go to this theater! It's really a night out! (As long as you the movie you pick, which we did :) [SEP]
3	3.5 stars. Went to the Calo Flamenco show this past Sunday, company of dancers and musicians.The Center just completed a year-long renovation this May, completely refurbished all 1,500+ seats, added guardrails and orchestra level handicap-accessible seating, and their central A/C system. The Chandler Symphony offers concerts on monthly basis. The Center's programming schedule can be found here: http://www.chandlercenter.org/performances.html [SEP]
5	House special chicken is a must. This is not a schmancy place so you know the food will be good! Never have had to wait for a table. The banana thingies they give you for dessert are too. I give it 5 stars because of the huge selection. Pei Wei and PF Changs are ok but they have a menu. And a LARGE wait! [SEP]
1	Some of my friends brought me here last night and the first thing that came into my mind was that this was a set up for To Catch A Predator. I was for Chris Hansen to pop out and grill me with, What are you doing here? If you feel Kubrick's Lolita really speaks to you, as in it mirrors your life, then you've found a place to feel in your skin.If you're of age to consume alcohol, they've got a bar here. The thing about this bar though is that they're really about pouring drinks, ie. a Manhattan should not taste a barber's cleaning solution. The decor and set up of this place really needs a face lift.A few though... If you're under 21, I could see how this would be appealing. I'll admit that the under-21 clubs that I went to when I was under 21 were fun, but now that I think about them they really suck. It seems an alright experience if this is your first step into the club/bar world. The DJ's here spin much straight hip-hop which is fine, it's very mainstream though and music.If you go here you're one of three types of people:1) You were here by your friends2) You're under 21or, 3) Your usual is a heart-felt plea, complete with waterworks, that goes something along the lines of, I swear, Officer, I thought she was 18!!!! [SEP]
4	I came here for a Yelp event and had a time. They have the place somewhat divided into two sections- bar and restaurant. I that the patio opens into the bar so you kind of have an extended bar. The food was really and the staff rocked. I have been meaning to go back. I'll put that on my to-do list! [SEP]
5	These girls know how to make working out and fun!!!! Quality instructors, will not disappoint!!! Lots of variety!!! [SEP]
4	fun!!! I haven't been to this park in years so i definitely was for a and wet time!!! I went this past Saturday with my friend and although there were a lot of people there it was far from crowded! The longest line i had to wait in was for that toilet-bowl type slide.. (which was for me, btw). I would rate this place with 5 stars however, their food selection is very and expensive. My friend and i wanted to bring snacks (healthy sandwiches & water bottles) inside but our ticket voucher stated that food & drinks were prohibited, bummer. Prior to heading to Sunsplash, we filled up on a yummy & filling breakfast at Cracker & Co, located less than a mile from the waterpark! About 2 hours into our wet & time, we did take a and treat ourselves to two large icees (for $8, nuts.. right?).. and before we left we had a scoop of ice cream each for $3.. each. Ha. As i was chowing down, i looked over to my friend and said, we could buy a half gallon of ice cream for the price of this ONE scoop! Sheesh.. whatever, it was it.. we our economy that day. You're Economy! LolOver all, i had a blast acting a dork & reliving my teens. There were tons of lifeguards on staff & they keep everything safe, organized, and everyone happy. I am planning on gathering more people, including my boyfriend to go THIS weekend too! We might try a different park though, just to keep things fresh!The wave pool, the river, the of slides, the lily pad cross... Sunsplash is a SUMMER TIME MUST! [SEP]
2	There's 1 casino my tia wont go to, but she doesn't remember the name of it. Guess what? I think this is the place... I thought Horse Pass Casino was already open. No! Not until Oct. 30. I think Horse needs to reword their billboards. So we drove a few minutes down and ended up at Gila River Casino. Next time, I'll pass! small, security and the machines (literally, the machines inhale your money it's water). I spent $50 within 3 mins without anything. What made me my head was the set up of the machines. You'll see a row of .25 cent machines then a random $5.00 machine in the middle of it! Or a row of $1.00 machines and a random $25.00 machine thrown into it! What the heck? Again, I'll pass on Gila River. [SEP]
4	Sadly, this Souper Salad has closed. :-( [SEP]
4	It was a Sunday morning & Mimi's was PACKED! We walked in, gave the hostess our name & told the wait wouldn't be too long considering it was just the two of us. The décor was French quarter New Orleans-themed, with Parisian style knick knacks & art abound. A bit on the kitchy side, but quite IMO! What I found to be not only but was that they had coffee, mini muffins & sample size nut loafs for the waiting patrons, which mostly consisted of seniors & families. Following the hostess to our table, I couldn't help but notice, the humongous portion size of ALL of their dishes. The menu had so many mouth watering choices, but considering I was feeling ill, I ordered a bowl of granola & a (YU-MMY) buttermilk spice muffin. I know, but lemme make it up to you by talking about moms dish, the 3 egg avocado & crab omelet which was made w/ jack cheese, tomatoes, scallions, bacon & asiago cream sauce, accompanied by red potatoes, choice of one of their mega-sized (hot & fresh) muffins & squeezed O.J. The service was on the side, perhaps understaffed or just overwhelmed, but our waiter made it up to us by giving me choice of beverage & extra muffins, no charge. For those of you who want healthier options, don't you fret, they offer a & Fit menu as well. All in all, I really my dining experience @ this Mimi's location & will definitely return if I'm ever back in Phoenix. [SEP]
3	Does YC's stand for yucky chinese? That's what I'm wondering as I am trying to put down this food. This is such a and concept, and the service was beyond amazing, but wow... this food! My sauce to meat/noodles/vegetables ratio is about 100:2. Being that you're supposed to choose your own food/sauce, including the amount, it should be my fault; however, the young lady who there made my sauce. There's a menu board of how to make your sauces, but since there are two meal sizes you can choose from, I think they need to re-doctor those recipes to fit each of the sizes. I feel I'm eating spicy soy and sesame sauce soup. I think the price is for everything you get: meal, drink, soup, service.YC, re-doctor your sauce recipe and I may consider my return. [SEP]
4	I've been to Joe's & Bobby Q's but Dave's takes the BBQ on this one! We got Dave's family portions for one of our many tailgating experiences. We tried all of there dishes and the beef brisket was as was the pulled pork. And don't forget the cornbread muffins. While this is a place you cannot go often or you will be the pig! Its the calories every now and then!! [SEP]
5	As a Massage therapist I really need to get on to make up for all the massages I give. Kristi is my go-to massage therapist. With over 20 years of experience in the healing arts she's got strength and sensitivity. AND--she's a listener--it's kind of getting a counselor and therapist all in one shot. It's the hour of my week! [SEP]
3	Went here because of a groupon, will probably not go back without one. Cons:Overpriced, flat out. Plus, other reviewers have said, they RUN OUT of a lot of stuff. Also, I know this is something small, but as their menu changes, they should update it online. Had I known the menu would be so different, I would have waited for another week to get a meal I would ACTUALLY want (as opposed to settling). Also, we had reservations and had to wait 20 minutes. Not a huge deal, but a personal pet peeve.Pros: The food was good, but I said, overpriced. Since I had a deal, I didn't mind as much. Atmosphere is nice, and I the extras (we got a few small tasting, palate cleansers?). The cotton candy was fab, and though the strawberry dessert was NOT my first choice, it was truly delicious, and I may go back JUST for that dish! I the location, and the staff was friendly, informative, and courteous. down the prices and I'd give it at least 4 stars! [SEP]
4	I this place. A little on the side but the food is and the staff is always cool. [SEP]
5	We made a last minute decision to go out on New Year's Eve. The restaurant was very busy but after just a few minutes a couple of seats opened at the bar ( our place to sit) and the bar tenders, Blake, Kennan and Clair were ON IT! They were very busy, but did not a new face at the bar or a glass writing for a refill. The food was excellent. My husband had the baseball steak with twice baked potato and I had Prime Rib with lobster tail and twice baked potato. Everything was cooked to perfection. Oh yes! Start with the garlic cheese bread as it is yummy! [SEP]
4	This is the old Rigatony's on Brown Rd- If you've never been, it has a Buca di Bepo-ish, before Buca was cool, sort of feel. They even serve their house chianti in a small water glass, instead of a wine goblet- adding to an Joisey kind of feel.This is traditional Italian-American fare, and flavorful- with big portions. The Chicken Piccata is crack-good. It's served in what I've come to learn is a Sicilian style, with a n of tomatoes, capers, and green olives and a side of addictive Fett Alfredo. It never gets old.Another dish is their Cecca- you can get it as a Pie (Pizza, that is) or over pasta. You just have try it. It's rich, refreshing, and explosively flavorful all at once.The house salad is a variation on a traditional AntiPasto theme- and is a meal, and event, in and of its self.The thing about Mardeneley's is that EVERYTHING on the menu is good! It only gets Four stars because it could use a bit more (and a beer selection). [SEP]
4	The three of us ate at Dave's last evening and had a really time! We stopped in around 5:30 or so and were seated at a booth in the bar area. It was still early, so there was plenty of seating throughout the restaurant. Our server came by a few moments after we were seated and asked about our drink order. Nice. If you have never been to a Dave's, it's sort of a Texas Roadhouse, which is a complement. I've had some really BBQ over the years in local Roadhouses throughout the US, and this chain has copied the model. We started with some onion strings and chicken tenders off the Hour menu along with our drinks. Both were good, but ordinary. What made them was Dave's sauce. At each table you have five or six choices, as as the sauce that came from the kitchen. For dinner we order a Pulled-Pork sandwich with sides, a large BBQ Huli platter and some Texas steak tips grande nachos. Each was and large that we couldn't finish. One observation on portions, they are large -- two Styrofoam take home boxes large For dessert we order some $1.98 mini puddings and brownies. Just the size for everyone after a large dinner. Fellow Yelper Scott D put it in his 7/23/10 review: Dave's delivers no matter which location you go to. Our party of three agrees! The tab came to $69.49, including taxes but without tip. We thought that was given the serving size and the tastiness of the food. We will be back! Enjoy! [SEP]
2	I've been here twice, which was obviously enough. The first time was in 2002, before I was old to drink legally. It became obvious to me then that state fairs are only for people over 21 or under 12.In 2008, I came with some friends who bought a $6 hamburger at one of the tents, took one bite, and threw it in the trash. One of them remarked later that it was the only time in his life he'd spit food out in disgust. While this was happening, another friend and I asked a toothless Vietnam veteran manning another tent where we could find the nearest restroom. His reaction suggested that we were for asking such a question; we surmised that perhaps, due to some war injury, he had not taken a piss since 1973. Bottom line, customer service is not high on the priority list at the state fair. Nor is edible food. [SEP]
2	OK, I am new in town so I was unaware that they are trying to change the name of this event to The Arizona Picnic, or something of the like. Well, God because when I hear culinary, my mind certainly does not think of Dos Gringos...or any of the other Vendors represented at this event. And why the hell, after paying to enter, would I pay again to enter the fenced areas!? WTF!? I come from a town where festivals are managed than most corporations so I believe that I am spoiled, but there is no for the long lines encountered here. I counted over 60 people in line waiting for pizza...pizza! Lines to enter, lines to use the ATM, lines to purchase tickets, lines to eat, lines to pee......Obviously I feel about this particular review, and for those that this festival, I apologize. I will say that many people with whom I had spoken who had been coming to this festival for years said that it is no longer what it once was.On a note, the people watching is tremendous. I have never seen so many people in one location in my life. And I would agree that it all depends on the company. friends make this a event. [SEP]
5	in the form of food, just the other locations. The service was particularly at this location. We sat at the bar,and while the other customers were mildly annoying, the late night bartenders were up beat, witty, and very personable.The atmosphere was par for the course.All in all, if you are reading this review, get your directions to this location, close the browser, and go eat! [SEP]
4	Stayed here for my friends birthday. We just wanted a relaxing weekend and that's what we got. We that the pool was open 24-7. There was a bar at the pool but nobody attending it which blew. So we would have to go inside in our bathing suits to order our drinks since they didn't have a menu outside. People say the rooms are dated, but we thought they were nice. We every part of our stay with the exception of the bar out by the pool not being open.(If theres a bar, someone should be working it right?) [SEP]
4	I actually haven't had any of the cocktails here yet but the menu looked really amazing. There are lots of sake cocktails and yummy-sounding martinis and they have a beer list, too.I had the tofu with red curry sauce and it was really good. I also had the oyster mushrooms which were also really good. I really tapas as an idea, the small, plates so you don't feel you're spending a bunch of money even though you end up spending fifty bucks. My friend happened to know the guy who was our waiter and he was very sweet. Overall I'd say it's a really place to get a quick bite and have drinks with friends if you're feeling a little bit fancy. [SEP]
5	Awesome, lunch or dinner takeout place! Quite a dive in terms of decor, so don't expect anything fancy. There are folding tables and chairs, if I remember correctly.Anyway, I had jade red chicken and emperor's chicken quesadilla and both were SO GOOD. The idea of Chinese - Latino food sounds odd, but I'd heard of it before and just never had the chance to try it. They have all sorts of combos, mostly with beans or rice as a side (get it? chinese and latin food both usually come with rice....!). So before you it, if you're in Phoenix and looking for a place to eat, this is it! [SEP]
4	out of the three filipino restaurants in Mesa i think this is the best, lots of choices in the food, and the cantelope drink is a must have. the portions are really good, and price is very reasonable. i took my friends there last week and they it. only thing i ask the cook though is too go a little on the grease, but than again it wont be a filipino dish if there weren't grease oozing out of it lol [SEP]
1	in addition to sucking, it's also expensive. [SEP]
3	I in n out burger, but this particular location kind of lacks.I order a double double, mustard grilled, no onions with chopped chillies.My burger came with onions and without chopped chillies. Also mine and my girlfriends buns were stale. [SEP]
2	In my ongoing search for Chinese food in Phoenix this place is a speed [SEP]
5	I can't believe I haven't wrote a review for Ted's yet! By far, one of my places to go. You can get full off of some tasty food for a price. I normally get a dog with mayo, onion, sauce and a pickle. I also the corn dog and onion rings. I can always get a and fulfilling meal for $5-7. it!Can get a little on the weekends, but generally all the people are and nice. [SEP]
5	place to go before heading to the zoo. Not a lot of seating if you're with a big party [SEP]
4	This HD is very good. They seem to have people. When I was putting in my irrigation system a while back I got a lot of info from their plumbing guy. Apparently he was a plumber.On this trip I needed a sensor for a can light. The lighting guy had a can he said he couldn't sell because it was missing something, and proceeded to the sensor out for me. No charge. That's customer service! [SEP]
5	These guys know their stuff. Professional staff and location. [SEP]
5	From the moment we walked in the door we were treated celebrities. I wish I was one after leaving here! The food was some of the Thai we've ever had, and I live in Chicago and have tasted dishes more than a dozen different Thai restaurants. We never were without a glass of water or a full glass of wine. I wish I lived here so I could make this a regular stop during my weekly Thai and Sushi cravings. The Tilapia was out of this world - topped off with a medley of mint, onions and leaves. I highly the Spring Rolls - very and tasty! Give this place a try - you won't be disappointed. [SEP]
5	Visited this place last week with my parents and sister and we all had a time! The service was a bit in the weeds but everyone was and and the food was very good. The tour is the $5 and then some, very informative, and our guide was very and knew her stuff! products for sale are and the drive is worthwhile. It is a bit way out but it was different and a way to spend Sunday. GPS do not the address so try google maps and your phone/ipad it will get you there. [SEP]
4	Wow! Some of the barbecue in the state!! The pulled pork and the BBQ Baked Beans are a must try!!! [SEP]
5	This place is great. All the food is and always good. They have a hour daily with a very staff. I highly this place. [SEP]
3	I admit I'm not a huge BBQ fan, as it usually makes me feel exploding afterwards but since my dining partner BBQ, we've eaten here a lot. The meat is but at least one of the meats has been dry each time I've been. My has been the ham. The spicy BBQ sauce is darn tasty too. I've found myself putting black pepper on the mac and cheese to spice it up and haven't been all that with the rest of their sides either. I'm a big fan of sides at BBQ places, even more than the meat, so when sides I get sad. :(I out their homemade root beer after one sip. Don't know what was about it but it was very *off for me, and I seriously root beer. My dining partner it so ehhh...maybe it's just me. The place is very on the inside, the decor reminds me of a mid century cafeteria but more modern. They have a huge hand painted mural of a farm and a large outdoor seating area for parents to let their kids run around in while they eat. Joe's gets packed. I've seen the line wrap around to the outside on the weekends. I don't think it's waiting the 20-30 minutes in line for, but then again I don't think a lot of places are that wait for cafeteria style dining. [SEP]
5	Attention all parents, nannies, guardians etc. Koko bees is tons of fun! The kids are all & full of laughter. environment: oodles of play houses, dress ups, costumes, toys, themes & settings! The little ones imaginations can run wild. They even offer dance, sports, yoga and tumbling classes for the children! This is a place to come with the kiddos!! [SEP]
2	I've fequented here often to know that all the majority of the games here are all those ticket games and little claw type games. I come to out with friends and play some games. I can in on tuesday night around 6pm and thought to have dinner there since I had a coupon for the place. I really didn't care about price at the time with the coupon. After being seated our waitress got our drinks took our order and everything was fine. After we recieved the food we were left unattended for quite some time. When the waitress finally returned I had to ask for a refill and some ketchup as well. My drink was empty so I would assume that would be something that the waitress would ask but I caught her before she left. My boyfriend did not recieve a single refill the entire night and we were there from 6pm to 9pm.We had friends meet us there and we just chatted it up for some time. It wasn't for some time that we realised that the place was bare not just of customers but of staff as well. It was as if they closed the place down and just left us. After the waitress had taken our check and cashed us out that was the last we saw of her. The plates of our food were still in front us the entire time and we had kind of placed them all together so that she could come and just take them...kind of thought that the bunch of plates stacked together would give the hint we were done but I guess I shouldn't be so subtle next time. The food was ok at best. Nothing nothing in hind sight though if I had to pay full price for what I got if that waitress had left us she did and I didn't frequent the games I would've walked out. Probably wouldn't notice. All in all go for the games if anything else. The games are even ok that is IF they are running. Sometimes I come in and games are off or not working. This is just a place that is convienent for myself and friends to meet up. [SEP]
4	Had myself a new york striploin and it was quite although I do paying these kind of prices for steak. I really thought the vegetables were more special than the steak, but if you compare what kind of quality steak you get here compared to say Donovan's (high quality steakhouse in CA), I've got to say that I the overall package presented at Keg Steakhouse with to the quality and price. [SEP]
5	I the veggie platter with a friend and we only got just over half way through it. Got the rest to go. I couldn't wait until I had room to eat again so I could eat the leftovers. Sooo much stuff. I'm usually not a glutton, but there are a few places where I all self control and beach myself and this is apparently one of them.We were there for an hour and half and asked all sorts of questions about how things were made and what they were. The lady that waited on us may have been the owner. She was and indulged our questions.It's a large restaurant with plenty of seating for large groups, but it also seems to be an family outfit. They have a few beers in bottles and apparently music.I'm that I'm moving out of this neighborhood as this moved in! If I weren't leaving, I'd probably give up cooking entirely and just eat here every day, or try to get take-out.If you're downtown or on the east side of Phoenix, it's the trip. Really ethnic places outside of the Italian/Chinese/Mexican/American mold are a here in Phoenix. If you're from somewhere more metropolitan, you know what I'm talking about. West Bring friends, dates, clients, and employees here and them. [SEP]
3	Well, it dropped a star for me, and I'll tell you why. Eaten there probably 20 time in the last quarter. I've had it all; All you can eat sushi, bowls, desert, beer. Ate alone, ate with Sandra K, ate with son and family (including 3 year old grandson who plays drums with the chopsticks) had a party of 12 there.Service....slow on Saturday for the AYES, otherwise I can't complain. There are some spots. First, it's close to my neighborhood, a start and there is more than sushi and that is when you have non-sushi lovers with you. The bowls are very and you can order them in the heat index you like. names to them as well, the Exit Bowl or The Classified Bowl with this description;Don't Order this Bowl.Squid Salad is great, great, great! Calamari, ok. Hey they put a lot of thought into their beer selection and that is cool. And their dessert sushis are very unique.As for the sushi....I now have way too many sushi restaurants to try and they are all over themselves for your business. Sushi has become really hip lately but there will be a out in this category as the economy continues to and people, let's face it, are pulling back. This is not a place for a sushi purist, but give me food, a gathering place (close to my central Phoenix abode) and I will be there. Sushi has got to get for me to rate higher and earn my business. [SEP]
4	So far the only thing I have eaten at Verde that was not was breakfast. Don't get me it was yummy, but lunch or dinner is much here. My dish is the tacos al fresco. Two tortillas loaded with veggies and coated in a vinaigrette. Did I mention everything is fresh? The rice and beans are also very good. The salsas and guacamole are also awesome. One is smoky while the other has tang and spice. Nothing, however, outshines their tortillas. I walking by and seeing someone preparing them in the window. The decor and atmosphere are also great. The owners are too. I really can't about this place! [SEP]
1	Our bartender was and impersonal, to start. When my wife ordered a diet coke, you could see her disdain. We saw her once more, when she took our food order, after which she sat in the corner and ate. The remaining staff dropped off our food without a word, and never came back; in fact, I had to flag down the manager to get cashed out. The food was sub par. My wife's Shepard pie was all potatoes, and my chicken strips were and with the side. Also, my fries were soggy because they had been placed over excess sauce. food, service, beer. Visit the Kyrene location or don't go at all. [SEP]
3	Service - 5 stars (which is so rare). Food 2.5 stars. My husband and I are a little when it comes to steaks (we eat Morton's and Mastro's) but we wanted to try a new steakplace while visiting Phoenix and Durant's had reviews. When you get to the restaurant, you walk through the kitchen (pretty to see everything) then you're greeted by the host. We came for a early dinner and literally every single person - host, kitchen staff, waiter/waitresses greeted us. The decor is - kind of burlesque-ish, all walls are a deep red, there are huge vases of roses everywhere.Our waiter Fred was awesome!! Very and professional. I had their vegetable beef soup (good but salty) and my husband had house salad. I ordered the trout with caper sauce which was very bland. My husband had rib-eye and it was also which was surprising. Their dessert - trio creme brulee - was the part of the meal! So from this meal we decided if we want steak, we're sticking with our usual Morton's. [SEP]
5	Bruce saved my day, my computer this morning and I gave him a call and he was able to come out same day. He went through my whole system at my office and even updated my anti-virus with a AVG instead of paying for that Norton service. He was able to go through and all my files and found out the operating system was corrupted. He saved my day and completed everything same day. you Bruce! [SEP]
2	If your products weren't my number two I would abandon you!!! I only say this of this location! One associate was SO snotty I wanted to her, and I'm not a individual! Fashion Square receives my loyalty... [SEP]
5	went down to Scottsdale for Spring Training (Go Giants!) and we decided we wanted to have a nice, sit down meal instead of bar food or ballpark food every day/night. Eddie's House fit the bill perfectly.Food - excellent. Tuna Tartar nachos were great. I had the scallops and they were cooked. Also had a size of Fiddler's Ferns which I've only tried once before. they were excellent. Berry Cobbler for dessert also excellent. Service - excellent. very waiter who was very attentive.Location - close to downtown but not on the immediate Scottsdale Road path. Atmosphere - also excellentPrices - being from San Francisco, the prices were reasonable. [SEP]
4	We this restaurant, It is always food and service and to our home. [SEP]
5	I rented bikes here for the first time today and took them for a ride on the green belt. It was so and the husband and wife working the shop were so and helpful! I will definitely be a returning customer and this to people who are looking for a outdoor activity. [SEP]
4	Never had a meal or a beer here. selection of brews and the food that they make is simple and GOOD. recipe for success. Service is a little but expected due to the fact that these are college students who really (speculating here and actually giving the of the doubt) don't care too much about customer service - it's just a job to them. [SEP]
4	Yay! I got to try the hour finally! They even had a band playing in the dinning room, ambiance. On 4th of July weekend the girls and I got a room at the Valley Ho and ventured over to Vic's for some much need food around hour time. The drinks were totally wroth it! I got the burger on the HH menu, it was sooo yummy, huge and came with a bunch of fries and was only $3. right?! We were so we couldn't stay long, but next time I want to try the calamari, hummus and other drinks. [SEP]
4	I think I'm in love. If I only lived closer to Downtown Phoenix, I'd leave my mark on the Leaf in the form of a permanent intaglio of my ass cheeks on a bar stool. It's tucked away on a side street in a looking home cum art gallery cum bar. It can be a little to find since no sign exists, so keep an eye out for the neon lit open sign. You definitely don't want to out on this place by becoming after ducking down side streets, saying it and going to The Roosevelt. While it wouldn't be a total bust, you'd be missing out on the and inviting ambiance of the Leaf.That's really what me over about this bar. It made me feel downright cozy, with exposed brick and wood, local artist's artwork decorating the walls, and the actual kitchen serving as the bar. The main room is large to host a large group, but small to be homey. The acoustics are very (soft talkers rejoice!) and the music playing was to add to the mood, but nowhere near the point of out conversation. There are a couple rooms in addition to the main bar area that you can duck off into for more conversation, as as an outdoor patio that's a little on the small side but, score--there's ceiling fans!I found the prices to be very and the service to be unpretentious and helpful. There are no beers on tap here, but the selection of bottles is mind bogglingly extensive. I had to ask the bartender to get me his beer and I ended up finding out that I am also in with a brew called 1664. Looks a wine cooler, but manages to be instead of laughable.So bring a couple friends with you and one night, and then another, and another. You'll be too. [SEP]
4	We've eaten at this location quite a few times. We've always it. The pizza is and the employees are friendly. We also threw my son's 6th birthday party here in sept. Our hostess assigned to our party was and very with all the kids. My son said it was the party ever. We'll definately be having more parties here! [SEP]
5	this spot - it's close to the convention center so Natalie and I went here to check it out. The bacon is here!Their philosophy is too - local, organic, etc. etc. The place is tiny and too and as always it's to a local independent business. breakfast in Phoenix that i've had and definitely one of my spots - went there the next day too - got the special and it was delish - check my photos to see what we got! [SEP]
4	The husband and I had driven by Hula's multiple times, saying it looked but we were always on our way to another destination. We finally stopped in on their 3rd Anniversary and boy, are we we did. The wait for a table was probably 45 minutes, but the place was packed and in all consideration, it wasn't as long as other places we've been. Plus, we wanted to sit outside, since a band was going to be playing. (Who were awesome, btw.) Drinks were $3 all night, special anniversary prices, and we tried the Dr. Funk and the Painkiller. The Dr. Funk was delicious! The Painkiller is similar, but had cinnamon or another spice in it that I didn't care for. I ordered the coconut shrimp egg rolls to get us started and they were fantastic! For dinner, I had the coconut encrusted butterfish and the husband had a pork plate. (Mine was but the pork was just okay.) Our friends had steak tacos and a salad. The steak tacos looked so good, we had to come back a second time. The second time here, I had the steak tacos and the husband had the steak dinner. Mmmm, the steak tacos were totally it. (We also ordered the coconut shrimp rolls again - definitely a favorite.) For dessert, we got the brownie with macadamia nut ice cream. The brownie wasn't anything special but the ice cream was good. When we checked in on Yelp, we received $5 off our bill. This was a surprise! Totally check this place out - we'll definitely be back! [SEP]
5	The name is so misleading, because this is the most dining spot I've ever eaten! I dined here for lunch with a friend and was blown away by everything about it. First, it's location is tucked away near ASU campus in a little neighborhood. It appears to be a converted home built in the early 1900's and lots of trees and plants growing in their huge, and I mean huge outdoor patio area. I only dined outside, but honestly with such weather 9 months out of the year here, why would you dine any other way! The service was excellent! The staff was extremely and always checked up on me while I drank water and waited a while for my friend. The menu was amazing. I never once read a menu that I wanted to try everything on here. They had a huge of dishes at what I can only describe as American/French fusion. It all looked so divine. And from what I've been told, their menu changes frequently to new seasonal dishes. So I can't wait to see what they offer when I return. I went simple with my meal having this quiche, fruit and a cup of their corn chowder soup. The soup was so and creamy, I could have ordered and ate a whole trough! It was that good. The fruit was clean, portioned and fresh. I'm very particular with fruit, and when the fruit looks soggy and overly ripened. And the quiche was as well. Just the amount of ham and tomatoes with alot of flavor.Since I was here for lunch only, the prices were reasonable. I've heard at dinner it can get expensive.This was an dining experience and this to everyone to try at least once. [SEP]
3	They are known for their CARNE ASASDA and it does rock but dang this place was nickle and diming me at every turn! Everything is ala carte, and the tacos are so small,3 bites and its done.For the price tag it should at least come with a small bag of chips.Honestly the chips were so average it was disappointing. the salsa that comes with it was considering the hold out factor applied. The salsa that came with my tacos was exceptional, that should be their signature salsa for everything.Sodas by the can, no refills,,geezzz,, another 3.00 bucks later.I think I ended up spending over $12 for 3 small tacos and small basket of chips, and 2 sodas in z can. For that price, I want more atmosphere or at least a 4 bite taco. [SEP]
4	So this place was under another name from another fame, but the owner is the same. (ha, myself up). The food is way better, the space is way roomier, They have 100 TV's and the fact they didn't kick me out on opening NFL Sunday because I was on my roller skates makes mama very happy.I plan on going here for all the 1pm games for the rest of the season. They are kid too. Can you say no babysitter needed, take 'em with ya. They need their own roller skates tho.FOOD: the pretzels/mustard - the cooked kind. [SEP]
3	It is with that I give House of Tricks three stars.I've been here twice. The first time, friends invited me and the wifey here for dinner. Seeing the patio, I thought, oh, this is really cute. Once seated inside, I thought, oh, this is really cute. Seeing the prices on the dinner menu, I thought, oh, this be really good. Long story short, it was okay. My friend, who had only been here for lunch, apologized for the high prices. I didn't care too much, I guess. It was edible. I'd probably come back for lunch.Which I did, with co-workers in tow. The prices at noon were certainly more and we all looked forward to a meal. Suddenly, this of an exchange occurred between our waiter and my boss, Debbi:Debbi: How large is the quiche? I weigh 230 pounds, so I'm a big girl.We giggled. Debbi to joke.Waiter: Well, it's not as big as you.Bad form, dude. form. You're we paid lunch menu prices. [SEP]
3	My boyfriend, myself, and his 3 year old foster sister met up with his mom, dad, and 2 year old foster sister. We were all heading up to Prescott this past Saturday (1/30) to play in the snow. When we got there, they were already set up with drinks & pancake balls (strange, yet & delicious). They'd placed our orders as since they texted us for them when we were still 15min or so behind them. The food was good. The service was just okay this time since I can't remember if anyone ever came to give refills on anyone's drinks. I know they came by and asked if everything was okay a few times, but that was it. Still, staff. The bathrooms weren't anything spectacular, but it's a bathroom...at a Denny's. Anyways, we all left full and went on about our day. [SEP]
5	Amazing.Fogo de chao is nothing short of out of this world. It is expensive, but as soon as you start, you'll know exactly where that money went.Seriously. Try it. [SEP]
4	I went here for dinner since my friend said the the location in Creek was one of her Mexican restaurants in the Valley. However, living in Phoenix and Scottsdale, we decided to go to the Fountain Hills location. Plus, another friend lives there so it was a more central location for all of us. We arrived around 7 and it wasn't at all, we got a table away. We got chips and salsa to start which was since I was really hungry with it being way past my dinner time. One of the girls got a pomegranate margarita and she said that it was really but good. I got the fish tacos and they were delicious. Probably the fish taco I've had. I was expecting some sort of fish, probably cod. I was surprised that it was grilled and the two tacos came wrapped up in the foil pouch they were cooked in. It also had this really sauce. The shell tacos that my friends got also looked really good. The shell looks homemade, fried, and crispy. My friend asked for extra cheese which they brought out in a small dipping bowl. She was also charged extra for this. The tacos didn't come with that much cheese to begin with, so that's kind of a rip-off. The price isn't that either, I would definitely say it's on the side. The atmosphere was just okay. I was reading how it's the most location, etc. but maybe they're just referring to the Creek location. All of the employees were and even took a group photo of us at the end since my friends were visiting from all over. I definitely want to go to the Creek location in the future to see what all the is about, but it'll definitely be more of a special occasion thing since it's definitely a hike from Scottsdale. In the mean time, I'll stick to my other local favorites for tacos. [SEP]
5	Man the chompie sliders is the bomb. Wish there were some in LA. Man taste so and flavor. [SEP]
5	The sushi was and excellent! The service was almost too fast. I did not find the prices to be out of line with the quality. Our daughter the miso soup. The one thing I really is that they will make what you want, whether it is on the menu or not. If they have it, you can get it. I know we'll be going there often. One thing though, this is a busy, place. It is not large either. If you are looking for quite and relaxed, this perhaps isn't the choice. If you want food in a atmosphere, a bunch of friends or after work, this fits the bill. [SEP]
5	place to take the kids to play and have some bbq. outdoor area and bbq. [SEP]
4	I to hike Piestewa (formerly known as Squaw) Peak, obviously not for the solitude - since it's so crowded. It's a rigorous 2.4 (round-trip) mile hike and NOT for beginners. But it is the most fun. It reminds me of our version of the New York street scene - almost egalitarian in a way. You see people of all sizes, ages, ethnicities, physical abilities, socioeconomic levels, families, friends, lovers, first-dates. This is where you see Phoenix's diversity, ladies and gentlemen.It's definitely a first impression of Phoenix -- from the cross-section of society to the people-watching, and last but not least, the views, of wildlife (like roadrunners, chipmunks, and lizards), flora and the Valley below.It's been noted as one of the most hiked trail in in the nation. [SEP]
3	There is a certain sense of nostalgia that exudes from Phoenix Muni that you don't really get at the newer Spring Training facilities in Arizona. True, it is the oldest still in use, but it feels more and more geared towards the spirit of seeing your team before the season starts. It's less about business and more about getting back into the swing of the things, having a few laughs on the basepads and shaking hands with the people who really live and by their fandom. Most of the seats beyond 1B and #b sides are benches, another throwback, but really, there isn't a seat to watch a game. Get there early if you're into meeting players and getting autographs and also be prepared to wait in lines for food or drink. Even when ALL the stands are open, they are not to service a packed house of hungry fans. Bring cash, only a few places accept card. [SEP]
4	Who doesn't $3 drinks? Relaxed, social, no frickin' paid seating!! Except that I was propositioned to Swing by some totally dude, I Lovd this place to start the evenings!!! drinks. What more do you need? [SEP]
5	If I the lottery and just wanted to spend a few hours a week working, it would have to be in this store. One, because I would want to be there just to see all the THINGS all the time, and two, because I would be able to spend all my money there. This place rocks.This place has three buildings- the west one has items, but the stuff is (see previous lotto comment). The east one has very priced items, contains seasonal trinkets and specialty food items. The south building has kids stuff, pet items and clothing/purses as as some home items. It is the place to find a gift for someone, or spend your overtime check on something for yourself. Want stationary? A soup tureen? A garden item? New collar for your dog? fruit for your centerpiece? picture frames? gauzy dress? Hip handbags? bangles? Antique key holders? Whimsical signage? Artful platters? Decorative bird cages? Catch my drift? They have EVERYTHING! :) [SEP]
1	pizza I have had in a while. We ordered 3 slices and they tasted they had been sitting out for a while and nuked. service too. Salad was plain and all oil no vinegar for dressing. . Service half ass. I am surprised they have remained in business fo several years. Also they apparantly have no AC it was VERY inside even on a slightly day in Nov so we sat outside the inside was so and stuffy. this place totally sucks. [SEP]
4	Be sure to save up for the $3000 coffee machine they demo'd for me! Nuts! I could never imagine paying as much for a coffee machine as I would for a used car!I am really wanting to take one of the cooking classes they offer here. Soon maybe... Hoping for a Sur Le Table Groupon! [SEP]
5	the store. I stop every morning for a soda on my way to work. They are friendly, and clean. [SEP]
4	Pros... Quick, good, cooked right, self serve condiments, staff. choice of size and type of meat. buns, self serve drinks. Good.Cons... The place is a little run down, they sometimes no self serve bins. [SEP]
5	I threw my friends bachelorette party here this Sat and had an time! Though this place is very and they are laid back with the partying and drinking. Makes for a mix! We went all out and got a table with bottle service and two rooms to stay in. They gave us a bottle of champagne for and brought it up to the room for us to toast which was cool. We had 18 girls in two rooms and we didn't get one complaint! We stayed at shade, the club upstairs by the pool, until 2am and then changed into our swimsuits to go for a dip in the pool. I how the pool never closes so you can drink all night long! Shade also plays music which we loved. mix of different stuff so everyone was happy.I did have a little bit of with the woman who booked our table. Her name was Haley. She was not very and didn't return my calls, emails or texts. I wanted to decorate our table but wasn't sure what was allowed and she never answered my questions. But the night of the party I mentioned this to the manager and she brought us a bottle of champagne and apologized for the trouble. This was of a for us. It couldn't have went better! you W for an and night!! [SEP]
5	a weekend of was spent here when i was 18. somehow we two lamps that were hanging on the walls. high up on the walls. above head level. don't ask, because i don't remember how it happened either. we tried to lamps from other rooms, but the maids kept catching us. so we wrote, I O U 2 LAMPS :( on one of the lampshades and left it at that. one night, my friend jonathan got really and and lonely, went to the pool, and threw all of the poolside furniture into the pool. we seriously destroyed that motel. i'm not kidding, there was so much in one of our rooms that you couldn't see the carpet. i felt really, really for whoever had to that up. but the part was that we didn't get charged for any we caused. thanks, motel 6!no my points are so low... i use yelp more often to showcase my anecdotes than to actually review things. i'm useless! [SEP]
4	I feel an East Coast when I roll up to LGO for breakfast. I'll take the Jersey Girl... pump and hair toss!! Hands down, it's the omelette I've EVER had. And the fresh-squeezed OJ hits the spot. After a hike at Camelback, it's relaxing to come and sit on the patio... if you can find a spot. Weekends this place is a zoo!! During the week is but has its peaks. The French Toast is tasty and they do pastries just right. Muffins are baked fresh, toast is always spot on perfect. I want their toaster!I've had the pizza, which is but not the I've eaten. The salads are delish. [SEP]
4	Sushi and birthdays go hand-in-hand. I returned to Phoenix just in time to out with my friends for my birthday and they took me here. This place gets packed during hour for their half-priced sushi rolls and drink specials. Stingray is a restaurant in a high-class location. The patios are and there is a lot of seating indoors too. The sushi is made and I will return...however, during hour. The prices jump up and the place gets empty once hour is over. [SEP]
1	I just finished my G & S meal that I ordered to-go; actually, I just finished throwing it out. It was HORRIBLE. And by horrible, I mean bad. And by bad, I mean, heinous! I had a very experience here about a year ago but I thought I would give it another try. I should have proceeded with caution when I asked the long-term employees at the neighboring what was and to the person, they all stammered and to reply. Seriously, zero out of four could give me one dish! I've lived in both Mpls & Chicago and my Ex used to travel the Orient and we were always surprised at how the quality of Asian food was in this area and WHY the people here, seemed to it!? It's absolutely baffling!I had the Orange Beef & Spring Rolls. The Orange Beef looked scarey in the container. But when i ate it - UGH! The texture was all off and the sauce..... it had these big, clear, GELATINOUS, ..... ugh! I can't even talk about it. into a ball of corn-starchy orange extract! I'm still from those few bites! [Truly.] And while I ordered vegetable spring rolls, I got what tasted low-quality hamburger meat! In fact I finally identified the flavor and texture as: SAUSAGE! It was an Asian Spring Roll with chunks of Italian Sausage inside!! How's that for a combo? Ugh...... [stomach turning]I'm sorry, I'm a Single Parent and I'm usually to have someone cook for me. even when i am paying. But during times when i actually treat myself and then plunk down $20(!!) for unedible... yuck - it's totally, TOTALLY unacceptable! on you, George, for offering such little quality control and not aspiring to a higher standard overall. No the place was (not) hopping on a Saturday night!Simply one of the meals EVER. [SEP]
3	A hand-job with gardening gloves.....I went looking for Scottsdale Auto Salon to get a hand wash tint quote on my new Mini today. Finding it out of business, I whipped out my handy-dandy Yelp iPhone app looking for a nearby alternate to at least get the wash done and found Car Spa. Expecting to pay a bit more for a traditional hand wash I was surprised to find a machine assisted process. I'd spent way to long trying to locate the place (thank you Google maps) so I just opted for their wash, which includes both interior and exterior detail.My son and I watched the car move through the process and saw that at least the 'wash part' was done by hand, but they used the same mitts from the truck that had gone through previously. -1 starAfter seeing this, I should have watched their 'interior detail' more closely. When I got the car back there were lines of in my white roof, and water spots on the accent chrome. When we got in the car there still bits of chip on the seat and floor mat from my sons spill the day, and it was obvious that the dash and interior hadn't been detailed. (Unless they refrain from using any product what so ever on the interior of the car. The dash and steering wheel were bone dry and dusty.) - 1 starI should have brought it up to someone, but my husbands' and sons' hunger over and we just left. Thankfully all of their other locations are to far out of the way to detouring to again.The staff was friendly, and their waiting area was with lots of drink choices, although I'm not sure their waiting area was for anything longer than a wash. [SEP]
3	I went here last night with the BF and another couple, and we all had really high expectations for this place that just weren't met. Not to say it was bad, it wasn't, it just didn't live up to the hype. The space is very and feeling. I how the chairs don't all match and it has a very homey feel. The service was also very good.The BF ordered their home made ginger ale and it was very interesting. It tasted liquid ginger, which was cool. For food, we started with the nosh plate, which was probably the thing we got. It had this onion type stuff with some crackers, cashews, some meat of sorts, and a really cheese with dill on it. The onion on the cheese was soooo good. I could have just eaten that for dinner. Then we ordered mains. The BF and I shared the chicken and waffles and our friends got the mac and cheese and the flapjacks. I was not a huge fan of the chicken and waffles, and I was so for it! The waffles weren't crunchy at all, which I think would have been texturally, and the chicken was encased in the coating, but once you cut into it, the part just off. It didn't adhere to the chicken at all. Also, it was very thick and didn't have a ton of flavor. This was very strange. The sauce on the waffles was good, it was a honey butter or something, and the chicken was moist, but together, it was a disappointment. It did come with some green beans though.... they were and cooked perfectly. I tried my friend's flapjacks and thought they were a little tasting... but not bad. I didn't try the mac and cheese, but my friend thought it was good. We finished with a shortcake that has strawberries that were macerated with balsamic and basil and had some kind of cream in it. This was very good, I the earthy flavor that the basil brought to the dessert and the strawberries were flavorful and tasted fresh. Overall, it was good, but not great. Maybe I had too high expectations, but I probably wouldn't run back here in the future. [SEP]
3	I've only been the their location on Central Ave. When I went to order my usual I was informed that this location doesn't have french fries. Ok bummer... I'll get along with it.We went later in the evening and the place was really dead. I'm sure at lunchtime its much busier. [SEP]
1	NOTE: This review the Roberto's on Union Hills and 7th Ave. NOT the Roberto's in Anthem!I am only giving it one star because I can't give it 0. Simply put i was very after dining there recently. This was the only meal I did not share with my family and therefor the only to my food borne illness. I have this place in the past but recently the quality has gone downhill. Now they are closed on Sunday's.I wish i had read recent reviews on here before i had gone. they have slipped VERY far since there Diners Drive-ins and Dives days. the guy that both took my order and cooked my food was obviously drunk. sitting on his cellphone playing what appeared to be a video game when i walked in. [SEP]
1	After stepping off the plane hungry, I looked around the terminal for food as I walked to the next gate. Wait a minute, I'm in Arizona. I should get some southwestern style food or mexican food. Is that a burrito place? Surely it can't be bad. I ordered a #1, standard burrito. I take a bite. And another. Not I thought. Then I took another bite. And spit it out.The cheddar cheese in my burrito was moldy. And no, I'm sure it wasn't blue cheese. It was even obvious visually. After pointing the cheese out to the manager, she brushed it off as the bag was just opened, it's not possible even after showing the obvious mold. People around me started looking uncomfortable. Someone muttered and stepped out of the line.The part? I wasn't even offered a or a new burrito, or an apology for the moldy burrito. Are you kidding me? [SEP]
1	I used to Quiznos.... I would go out of my way to get a turkey bacon guacamole sandwich any day. At this point in my life I will no long be giving any money to this for a sandwich shop. The staff is and careless. I was given obviously guacamole... Which I didn't realize until i got home a took a bite of my sandwich to have the fowl taste in my mouth. It took 20 mins to get my sandwich, there was only one couple in front me. I'm done with this place. I should have went to bakery across the street. [SEP]
4	I have been to the particular location many times. Except for the wait, we have always had a experience. I just that deep dish pizza. I am sure it is on slice away from stopping my heart, but not here for the health food. [SEP]
5	If you're to run out for lunch a little early, the patio atmosphere will dining on yummy vittles.A When-Harry-Met-Sally eater, I, um, grilled the waiter on seafood's and ingredient origin, and he was good-natured and knowledgeable.A eatery for a casual date or girls' day out. Yay! [SEP]
4	We went over for dinner- had the spring rolls, chicken curry, and lemongrass chicken. The spring rolls and lemongrass chicken were about a 3 star, but the chicken curry was really and made up for the others. We also had the coconut water, which was fresh. Prices were we paid around $30. [SEP]
4	This place ROCKS! It's a little loud, but it's the visit. Granted, I cannot pronounce half of the things on the menu, but the Jalapeno Cilantro hummus is to-die-for delish. The Greek salad is awesome, as are the gyros. I've never made it past the hummus, gyros and salad, but it is food and quick service. Always busy, but isn't every restaurant? Go! It's yummy! This location is my favorite, as I think the one at Ridge has slightly different tasting food (on the side of different tasting, that is). [SEP]
1	MY EXPECTATIONS WERE EXCEEDED! I've been searching for so long to have a dinner experience that MET all of my expectations - for a restaurant that I SHOULD NEVER PATRONIZE. Mimi's in Goodyear actually my expectations. On Oct 26th, while visiting the area, I made the of recommending we dine at Mimi's because of previously food and service there. But, alas, if the old Mimi's quality still existed, they wouldn't have my expectations for WHAT NOT to experience in a restaurant.Let me why YOU or ANY ONE ELSE (except those people you truly dislike) should never this facility. First of all, the interior temperature was at least 80 degrees (when it was less than 65 outside). We had to ask for the air conditioning to be turned on.Next, we ordered the artichoke dip appetizer. It looked funny. It tasted funny. The tortilla chips actually resembled pita chips. If it walks a duck, quacks a duck, it must be a ______.I ordered the chicken cordon bleu which is supposed to be served with seasonal vegetables and homemade potatoes. Can someone explain to me how MIXED seasonal vegetables can be served where the brocolli is steaming hot, but the carrots mixed with them are literally still in the middle? That's a feat. My homemade potatoes? Cold. A sliver of butter placed on of the potatoes would not even melt to graphically show our waitress the . Even after this effort, no offer from the wait staff (or manager-missing-in-action) was ever made to either up the potatoes, replace them ......or, perhaps, use them as wall spackling.After all this, they asked us if everything was all and would we care to order dessert. At least they have a sense of humor.Never again. [SEP]
4	establishment. Rows of freezers in the back. Hidden from the street. Greeted by name what must be one of the regulars. Carries both Modelo and Dos Equis. made food for being dead. The green enchilada sauce is a must. Green chile chimis are fantastic.For the price, it was certainly filling and enjoyable. A place to come back to if you're craving Mexican in a sit-down environment but are too far away from a Blue Burrito Grille. [SEP]
4	This place has the most selection of cheeses. EVER. Boyfriend got me a tasting selection of about five different cheeses for my birthday last year and I was in heaven. Truly and all were yummy. [SEP]
5	A philosophical elder of my profession commonly says Everyone needs three vices. Sex and chocolate don't count. If I still lived in Phoenix, LoLo's Chicken and Waffles would definitely be one of my vices. The chicken is goodness. The mac n'cheese is creamy and crispy goodness. The waffles are BEYOND DELICIOUS. If I could give any future LoLo's consumers a hint it would be this: if you are to too much sugar I am, don't your pancreatic islets on the beverages. I succumbed to the peer-pressure and got an Arnold Palmer, which of course comes in a quart-sized Mason jar. I reached my sugar capacity before the meal even started. I can only imagine the explosion of flavor in my mouth I would have experienced had I not all my buds on sweetened tea and lemonade. [SEP]
5	Yum! The toasted barley app is delicious. My boyfriend and I shared the eggplant sandwich and the monk burger. Both of the sandwiches were outstanding. The service was too. We will definitely go back. [SEP]
4	They outta chicken or day just dont had none. [SEP]
5	I am giving this location 5 stars cause its been my stomping grounds for atleast 12 years now, its always very good, clean, and I have never had a experience here. Wendys locations are just class acts, they are always my go to burger fix. I also made this my daughters first burger when she wanted to finally try one so she could have a experience for the first one and always have a tasty burger to judge the rest by for her life. If its for my daughter, then its for you :) eat up and review. [SEP]
3	Went back to Market the other day and bought the Molinari pizza. A friend had that the outer edge always while the middle stayed too and undercooked. I the stuff that comes on these pies, so I figured I would give it a shot.She was right. It wasn't unedible, but the middle part was scary. I have no idea how they should fix this but this pie wasn't even though I still this place.Oh yeah, Joe, you also need & Lo! [SEP]
1	The location has closed (AGAIN). Not if you have prepaid washes or other credits as the business has closed. Some speculation on other sites is that they have filed for bankruptcy again.Don't stopping by to use their services as the facility is cordoned off and a big sign says business closed. [SEP]
2	Just OK for lots of money. Service was very good, food was nothing special. Butter was rock solid, not spreadable. I would look for another seafood restaurant before ever going back to this one. [SEP]
5	I think this is the mexican food in Chandler or the surrounding area. The food quality is high and consistant. The prices are downright CHEAP. I really the bean and cheese burritos and the chili relleno burritos. The jalapenos and carrots are a must and I am that they started selling Tamarindo. [SEP]
4	Breakfast, Lunch or Dinner, Wildflower. For breakfast the stuffed french toast is awesome, lunch any of their sandwiches are good. I don't really care for the salads but I the Potato cream cheese soup. The ice tea is so and the desserts are wonderful. My thing is the Salmon Alfredo, that they serve with yummy garlic toast. I the order at the front and they bring it to you, very and I don't have to tip! [SEP]
3	I can only give this place an OK because that's just what I have had from them so far- food that was ok, not your grandma good! The menu is kind of to understand but I know that I chicken pho so I ordered that the first go-round and just wasn't I wanted to be. The noodles were but the broth just wasnt to my liking. The second time I had pork noodles (dry) and it was but still not GOOD. JD had the spicy noodle soup and that was too, but , again, you guessed it-OK. I haven't given up on it yet because it is so close to my house and the people are so and friendly. Any suggestions on what to order won't be ignored. [SEP]
5	pasta I have ever had. Don't go there if you're looking for a two-pound chicken parm or endless breadticks. [SEP]
5	This is my new addiction! Took some friends and family here to my mom's birthday, it was her first time and she had a blast. Our first chef Poncho isn't at this location any more which we were about but ended up having another chef named Sam. He was and the food was great! I tried grilled shrimp for the first time and I am a fan. Our waitress was awesome! On of everything, and she told us Sam was the head chef and that it was an to have him cook our food and that she was so we got him, seeing that it was the first time for almost everyone in our group to try a place this.We have also had dinner on the patio when it was cooler out and it too. I will be eating here often.Thanks Hayashi for always making my dining experience and [SEP]
5	This is the only of his that I have seen in person. After living in the valley since 2002, I FINALLY decided to head out that way. I found the information about the life and times of Frank Lloyd and his 3rd wife very interesting. The house was and beautiful. I especially the local rocks cast into the concrete, and the lines that created a flow. I would highly this tour to any one with an interest in form, function, and beauty. [SEP]
3	and beautiful. Feed the koi fish cheerios. Bathrooms are out of a catalog...I want that! Walk at a snail's pace, because it's not large. When you're done, walk down to Pita Jungle or Lola Coffee! [SEP]
4	If you can avoid the vintage you're golden. I walked in - grandma's place with a hint of and decided to get myself acclimated and walked about the store. They have quite the selection of vintage furniture, jewelry, and clothes. I in with a few jackets but was all about trying some phosphates and getting my munch on. Playing it I first ordered the cherry lime phosphate BUT carbonation they have a long list of flavors that all sounded if not yummy definitely interesting. The food is so - my chicken salad sandwich was and came with the potato salad I've ever had (don't tell my mom). I was going to order the champagne phosphate but my pinup girl waitress steered me into getting the pineapple. It was so and not very pineappley but still good. For the lady who made a post about no french fries I just want to say, really??? It's to have other options and they keep it simple, unique and delicious. I can't wait to share this place with my friends and family. [SEP]
3	Typical chain southwestern/Tex Mex food in a corporatey atmosphere. They have some tasty dishes and a sunday brunch, but everything on the menu is kind of ambiguous.Prices here are about on par with most places of this type (I put it in the Applebee's, TGI Friday's, Charleston's, etc.) category. I my visit to this location than my visits to the PV and Tempe locations. [SEP]
2	My name is Christi and I'm a carb addict. Bread with my pasta. My lover's pizza crust (classy, oui?). Hashbrowns with my French toast. I've tried to quit, but I can't. And, I've also myself to the life-is-too-short theory, so what the hay, bring on the starch.I did almost get a salad at Bar Louie's because it was a late dinner and I wanted to save room in my belly for martinis. But, they have an appetizer that I couldn't live without trying - Pretzel sticks. 4 huge soft, pretzels covered in salt, served with cheese sauces and honey mustard dip. Simple, yet during my carb withdrawl that night, it was the tasting thing I had ever eaten. I can for the pretzels, but other than that, the service blew chunks. Over 15 minutes to get shots of jager when we were the only table in our server's section. When people order jager, that means they're on a mission, so give it to them...fast! We canceled our drinks and left to drink wine in our hotel room. We knew we'd get drinks there. If you're gonna go, go for the pretzels, not for the jager. [SEP]
4	prosgood pizzafancy , but not expensiveclean interioroutside setting with heating lamps to add to setting. drinks (got a green tea, the name of the tea, called Infusion, lives up to it's name!!!)the design of the outside, and inside, makes the place a 5/5 for the interior. the food is great! me and a friend shared pizza (toppings were meaty sausage and cheese). the bill didn't come out to a large amount. the wait was a tad excessive. there's a bar. service.cons:none for me, been here only once and will never be here again because we were tourists [SEP]
1	First off the woman who answers the phone is not at all. I called to consign my furniture and when I asked her about some info on the store,, she said do you want to consign your table or not!. Quite rude. That was a turn of for me.....The next day I went in the store for some info but when I entered I knew this wasn't the fit for my Robb & Stucky table. The place had older style furniture..dated couches, florals, mauves. There was one accessory that I would buy in the whole store. to say, I won't be coming back or consigning my table or anything else...rude stuff + stuff...what more can I say! [SEP]
3	for the early bird special. $5.55 for the combination plates that include egg roll, soup, rice, and your selection. If the food only had more seasoning or flavor? It was very and flavorless. I usually do not use soy sauce, but needed to use it to add something to my dish. features: Koi pond inside with a bridge over it. [SEP]
5	I Gabriel. He does an job every single time I'm there. I generally get two peekaboo highlights put in, and a cut and style, and always leaving looking great. His attitude is always upbeat, it would be to spend any time in his chair and not leave in a mood. The salon is always and comfortable. I never feel I'm being forced into spending more money or buying product, but when I have a question about what I should be using in my hair Gabe always makes suggestions. I have him a friend and my mother and both him. My mother even left her stylist of 10 years to start going to him because of the service he provides. [SEP]
2	me... no one wants this place to do more than me. However, after 4 visits I have to that it is a 2-stars. I'm in my comments... and maybe a little heartbroken.1. Chef Wade Moises when he was at SASSI in Scottsdale. I'm a fan for god's sake.2. I'm a big pasta-crazed fool. Seriously it. 3. dwntwn Phx.So what could go wrong? Service: No one to greet you at the door. The space is as it is. Staff was always and often seen hanging out at the bar. When asked why cocktails the signature cocktails took so long to prepare, the server responds clumsily Because I had to read and learn how to make them just now. Yikes.Back to the greeting... We waited about 2 minutes in the doorway listening to staff sitting at the bar chat about how they hoped they could close early that night. It was only 4:30 pm.Vibe:The space feels and almost clinical. With the of fabric in the space, it feels I'm the ER of a hospital (minus the curtains that surround each bed.) The staff certainly doesn't add warmth. Also reminds me of a corporate staff room. Art on the walls is just (read other's comments.)The Cocktails:They look on paper. See my comment above about Service. That's all I can really say. The Food:Each time, the Fritto Misto app ($9) was salty and to look at. Orecchiette with Sausage ($15) looks on paper, but never quite right. In fact, I've tried every pasta dish on the menu. I'm simply heartbroken. I crave handmade pasta, but the pasta here just leaves me guessing... I'm I the ball out? Why do all these Yelpers the pasta? It's and the proteins almost taste boiled (texture and flavor.) Approx quote from a guest, gummy handmade pasta that looks playdoh in water. The sauces seem near amateur as if they were never tasted before serving. Usually on the salty side.Forget about portions, price, space, ambiance, whatever. The question... DOES IT TASTE GOOD? Sadly, no.At each visit, I brought other notable chefs from the Valley. In one instance, the five of us ordered an entire dinner, ate a few bites of each dish, asked for the bill and decided to head next door to Sens for dinner (which is another review in the making.)I'll wait till sometime in the season before heading back to Pasta Bar. Maybe it needs more time (although it's been open for a few months already.) As always, I'd you to try it out and make your own decision. Wade is a chef who can do things in the kitchen. I have in you my friend!Side note... for those of you who fixate on butter and bread service at restaurants, do us all a and stick to your filler salad bars. Bread and butter service is simply never commenting on as a crucial component of a meal unless it's stellar. (BTW... I realize the of making commentary on the comments) [SEP]
2	Ok... I'm a Jimmy Buffett Fan - a Parrot Head through and through!But... This place sucked. I've been to half a dozen different Margaritaville Restaurants and I knew what to expect, but this one by far to meet my minimal expectations.The service is slooooow, food is canned and quality, drinks are and expensive. The only upshot was all of the Jimmy Buffett paraphernalia and music, and I've already got a lot of that stuff.The next time I'm to get my island groove on, I'll do it right. We'll grill chicken and burgers in the back yard, put the booze in the blender, light the Tiki torches, invite 20 or 30 people over and to Jimmy. More to set sail to St. Somewhere in your own back yard than it is to have to endure the Glendale Margaritaville.FINS UP! [SEP]
5	If you want a meal that will fill ya up, for a price...Wally's is a choice!The menu has variety. If you want a burger, there are many to choose from. Each is huge and juicy, and comes with your choice of a side....go with the blended fries that include deliciious potato fries.Want a salad? Again, many to choose from...my is the chinese chicken. And, in case you my earlier comments, expect a BIG salad.And, if you're not watching your calories, then try any of their specialty mac'n'cheese dishes. WOW!I can't comment on the desserts because I can't eat anything beyond the entrees...but, I've seen others order a dessert; they looked yummy and - you guessed it - HUGE!And, here's the thing about Wally's: they're people. in addition to providing you with a meal, Wally's staff are active supporters of non-profit organizations in the greater Phoenix area. I have first-hand knowledge of their for the Valley of the Sun Unted Way, and the Boys and Girls Clubs of Greater Scottsdale. I have no they other causes. [SEP]
5	Drinking coffee from Cartel makes me want to get my own San Franciscan SF-25B Coffee Roaster, in much the same way I wanted my own pottery wheel after seeing the movie Ghost.It's. That. Good. [SEP]
3	service of OK-tasting subs. I've definitely had better, so the signs hanging all over the place that claim that they're gourmet is definitely a bit of marketing puffery. Yes, it's gourmet compared to....actually, I think Subway makes a sub, so I can't really compare it to being more gourmet than anything really. Maybe it's gourmet because they put a ton of sprouts (and lettuce) in the sub? I will give the place props for the very service. I ordered my sub and it was handed to me within 1 minute. Another thing I noticed about the place was that it was filled with male patrons. If you're a single lady looking for a manly man, come to Jimmy John's. [SEP]
3	Chinese food, value -- especially for lunch. China Village is one of my regular haunts for Chinese food when I'm in the neighborhood. The building may look run-down, but the food and service are good. [SEP]
5	At length: A trip to Kauai for our friends' wedding several years back us to Puka Dog and the discovery of another type of matrimony: the union of frankfurters and tropical fruit. Our friends are still together eight years later, but how my dogs have longed for the companionship of a little pineapple and banana relish.Disconsolate from my long love, I have abstained from the dog community (except for Ted's, because it's and what happens in Tempe, stays in Tempe) until a new beau arrived: Maui Dog.In short (ish): Yummy, yummy, yummy, I've got Maui Dog in my tummy. I tried the & Spicy Dog (favorite!!!) and the Lava Dog (messy!!!) and the house made fries. Everything was delish, and I'll be back to try the rest. The restaurant is a cute, clean, pseudo-dive (kind of a Two Hippies vibe) with a few tables inside and a dog-friendly patio (tee-hee). It's and it's affordable. Go ahead, try it. You just might in love. [SEP]
5	The service here was wonderful, really and personable. And the food was OUTSTANDING! That Brulee burger was perfection, paired with some fries and a marshmallow shake. I wanted to stay in town another day, just to come back here to eat! [SEP]
5	sushi in town. [SEP]
4	I have visited Windsor twice now and I would describe it as fun, trendy, and a little hipster. The drinks are great, combinations with fresh, ingredients. I the 80's soundtrack, my only is that it was a bit too at night, so you had to to talk. The food is very good, kind of a take on food. The brown bag chicken sandwich had a lot of flavor and the mac and cheese is done really well, just the amount of flavor and creaminess. The crab cake BLT was very as well, the cakes were mostly crab, very tasting. [SEP]
4	Oh lawd!!!So, I'm a relative nevercomer to this cuisine. most people, I hear 'Szechuan' and I think 'just spicy Panda Express food'. Meh. I couldn't have been more wrong.I was in Atlanta with a friend, and he took me to a place that specialized in Szechuan cuisine. I had my first experience with Szechuan peppercorns there, and I was hooked. All I can say is, if you haven't already tried Szechuan cuisine, then you owe it to yourself to give this place a shot. And if you HAVE, then you already know what I'm tombout and you probably already eat here all the time any ways. other reviews have the of that spice, the Szechuan peppercorn, so I'll let their words be the guiding lights of for that. What I'm gonna tell you is- I travel all over this nation of ours, and this place delivers the goods, in the way that I want them. The food is inexpensive, it's tasty, and it's exactly what it's supposed to be. Other people have about the service, and to that, all I can say is: get over it. It is what it is, and I haven't had any here. Their food is exactly what it should be, it tastes exactly it's supposed to, and I it.Still keeping an eye out for one of these Asian girl + white guy couples, though... [SEP]
1	I have only been going to LA Fitness for about 6 months. I live in Scottsdale and in Phoenix, so I go to the 20th St & Camelback, Scottsdale and Oak and McCormick Ranch locations. The Scottsdale locations are GREAT! They are clean, the staff is really and I see people cleaning the equipment when they are done. What is it with the Camelback crowd? The place really bad! It really needs a cleaning. There has been this big spot on the carpet in front of the womens locker room since I started. I was on the treadmill the other day really noticing how stinky it was and then the guy next to me finished up and just walked off, I swear he was sweating a pig, left the equipment drenched! UGH!!! God! I couldn't believe it, Can't the employees make these people after themselves?? The reviews are about the staff just hanging around at the front desk.....they should be cleaning something, anything. It really is a that this centrally located facility is a real stinky mess!! I can't wait for the new one to open on 7th Avenue! Maybe then they may up their act. [SEP]
2	this UPS location is less than or helpful. Try the location near Fry's in Fountain Hills. They are very and helpful!! [SEP]
3	I will start with our experience from the time we walked in. The customers sitting in the restaurant stared and some laughed. I guess we the whites only sign on the front door. However my husband and I to try new things and don't care what people think. The hostess however was and pleasant. Our waiter was also great. The food here was for an appetizer we had the stuffed mushrooms which were to for. Our main entrees were the German meatloaf and my husband ordered the tenderloin. My whipped potatoes were so delicious. The cabbage was not to not to salty and the meatloaf was refreshing. My husband his tenderloin and fries as well. It was perfectly.The is if you don't mind being treated the 13th amendment was never signed by the patrons of Haus Murphy's and want some German food this is the place to go. The staff here were though. [SEP]
3	tip: if ordering in the drive thru - either there is no speaker system or it's out of order - when the person wearing an apron walks up to the side of the menu and stares into your car that means Hi, can I take your order There was a few seconds of silence and wondering WTH this person was looking in the car for before we figured out she was there to take our order :)Since moving to the west valley from southern CA we've been itchin' to find a replacement for Alberto's or Taco San Pedro. Humberto's reminds me of hole in the wall type Mexican food, but still leaves something to be desired.With that said here's info on what we had:If you're from So Cal and have had Northgate's shrimp ceviche Humberto's comes close. Verdict - Ceviche - good.Cheese quesadilla - - did the jobNachos - goodIf you've been out late partying it up and need to the munchies Humberto's should do. [SEP]
1	Ok I'm very surprised by the reviews on here. I'm not one to want to write reviews but our food was so I couldnt help myself. Maybe this place was having an off night tonight but their pizza barely had any cheese on it and the crust was soggy. the pizza was than the wings that were overly breaded and soggy as well. God we had a groupon and didn't have to pay full price. Won't be ordering from here again. :( [SEP]
4	Really hour. The wines by the glass are $5 and are a much value than the tapas they have on special (also for $5). The tapa plates are tiny, hence the 4 stars only. Must have: eggplant canelloni, manchego cheese, pancetta dates, Foie gras (just because I foie gras)Skip: Lobster corn dogs -- while this was interesting, you couldn't taste the little crumb of lobster inside. So-so: yucca frites, French fromageAll in all, a way to spend an early Sunday evening. [SEP]
4	The other day, had a lunch from there. No, didn't eat at the restraint, but we picked up a very sizable lunch for a family reunion. The lady that us was very gracious, and accommodating. I know, how can someone with take out be accommodating, because, my sister, being the and type (and to accommodate her husband) ordered 12 Pasteles uncooked, just as raw as can be. Why, so he could some for Thanksgiving. That's the Puerto Rican in him. A holiday is when it reminds you of childhood. The food was excellent, the Ropa Viejo and tender. The Pork (I think that's what it was) was also very good. And didn't taste a pig. (The only part of a for me is the other food group: BACON!) And we all discovered deep plantains, excellante'. Dessert was rich, sensual, and sexy! [SEP]
4	I've been coming to this place semi-regularly since they opened, and I the drinks and service. You always get a and the staff is to explain the menu.I'm a chocolate-lover so I usually order a Koko with almond flavoring...SOO GOOD!!!The only thing keeping it from 5 stars are the prices. most places, prices are set so that the large is the value, but a pair of larges for me and the gf runs about $20, so we only go a few times a year. Still they have a few ways to save- a card program and tiki cups. [SEP]
2	Food was marginal....Sunday brunch. Prices were stupid. And I felt I was in a New Orleans' night club...on Sunday morning. Ick [SEP]
5	Be sure to see Taylor, her service is great, the food is awesome, had roast beef sandwich ...and a plank of bruschetta! But without service the experience lacks. Be sure to try it out. [SEP]
5	I am a huge foodie, from a long line of foodies. I grew up living in hotels and on room service and dining. This is the best, very best, breakfast restaurant EVER! I have been living in Tempe for about six years now, the first two years I did not know that this place existed...after my first visit, this is my go-to, place to recommend, breakfast place to eat at! If you go on a Sunday, it will be very very busy. Everyone is friendly. The place is very clean. Prices are amazing! or as as the breakfast places or food. Huge portions and quality food. I have never had a experience here, and to be honest...even if I did, I wouldn't care. I feel home here. Everything on the menu is delicious! I've tried almost everything. Here are a few of my favorites (don't forget though, I it all) :O'Pear Grenache Omelette, Greek Fetash Omelette, English Harvest Omelette, Huevos Con Chorizo (with eggs), and the Blueberry Hill Girdle Cakes (pancakes! you can order half an order or little ones...we always get an order to share at the table). Their potatoes are and crispy, the english muffins are and their homemade is absolutely amazing! I have bought many jars of their to give as gifts! Just delicious! I wish everyone knew about this kept secret. DON'T LISTEN TO ANY REVIEW UNDER A 5 STAR! This place is the best, bottom line. Try it. You will be hooked. [SEP]
4	We were craving some BBQ, and hadn't been here in a while, so we decided to head over. It wasn't overly on a Sunday night, but it wasn't empty, either. Hubby and I ordered the same thing, 2 meat combo (brisket and baby back ribs) with double grilled veggies--extra grilled. For some reason, we both got the same thing, sometimes that happens. First, we got our cornbread, which is always so delicious. They serve it with butter, but you don't really need it. Our meals came quickly (we didn't order appetizers), so we dug in. The brisket, as usual, melted in my mouth. It's probably one of the places I've ever been for brisket, and that's saying something. I always order it wherever we go. Also, my husband is NOT a brisket eater, but he will order it here. Now for the ribs, I need to let you know, I'm a & savory BBQ fan, definitely not spicy. I've had the ribs before, and they were always and tender, plus they literally off the bone. These were they usually are, off the bone and tender. But, there seemed to be a spicier rub on them, which was a little off-putting to me. Even my husband mentioned it, and he doesn't mind a little heat. Neither one of us remember them tasting that way. I dipped them in the BBQ sauce, and that seemed to the spice a bit, and I did eat them all, but I'm not sure I'd get them again. And, lastly, the grilled veggies, which consist of green peppers, zucchini, squash, onion and mushrooms--wonderful!! I the charred grill taste, and I gently dip them in the sauce. I really them!We rarely get dessert, because we're so full. We have taken some cobbler home before, but it's never quite the same as having it from the kitchen. Plus, they bring you each a mini sugary doughnut with your bill. These are the finish to a very BBQ meal. They bring them to you in a bag, but to be honest, they've never made it out the door.The only reason I'm giving this restaurant and meal 4 stars instead of 5, is because of the rub on the ribs. Other than that, it was a meal. [SEP]
3	It's an casual restaurant with decor- 4 star, a quick meal before or after shopping. A quick meal means only if you get plus quick service.We went to have brunch on Sunday and it was packed in there. After looked at their simple brunch menu, we decided to get Grilled Hanger Steak with Eggs, and Cinnamon French Toast with Fruit Compote & Syrup($8.50). It wasn't too impressive, the food was just ok- 3 Star. I think you pay more for the ambiance than the dishes. The service was alright- 3 Star.It felt you are in the market with chit chat and noise, which i thought it was kinda annoying. [SEP]
2	A group of four of us went last night for the first time. I had purchased a Groupon, and was to check out a new winery. The service when we arrived was dismal. It took a tour leader from another group to flag someone's attention. We had reservations yet they acted surprised to see us. Given all this, if the wine had been great, we could have forgiven the service...it was not great. I don't expect the wine to be of Napa or Sonoma quality, but at least make up for it with your service.Disappointing, and I'll stick to other local wine bars moving forward. I honestly can't believe this place has an average of 4 stars... [SEP]
5	It is sometimes to start out busy and maintain standards from the beginning. The Parlor seems to be nailing it. Hip yet decor. Very design, and I he subtle yet present to the former tenant Salon de Venus. As soon as we walked in we were greeted with a and smile, and that same was felt by every single staff member we encountered. Ah the food! ingredients, a light pizza crust, and an original beet salad all had us raving. The only minor foody was the Nectarine Crustada for dessert was luke at best, would have a dish to melt that ice cream. But why nit pic? This place is a big hit, from the moment you walk past the herb and vegetable garden, to the staff and the savory food, this place is already on my regular rotation. [SEP]
5	We were staying at the Claredon and the desk clerk (who is also from Yuma) told us that their restaurant was voted Mex in Phoenix and she swore it was true so we had to try it.The elote (roasted corn with cheese and smokey paprika) was fab, as was the ceviche! The carne asasda taco was tasty, as so many have already said. The real stars, however, were the pork belly and vegie tacos. I'll be dreaming about those til our next trip north. [SEP]
5	Everytime I think of Chodang my mouth waters. I the spicy tofu soup they serve here along with their korean style dumplings. Their portions are just right. If you don't spicy foods you can tell them to not make it spicy. I also the condiments they serve before the meal. it!I their decor. The tables and walls really go together and you definitely feel you're at an asian restaurant. Everything is and (even the bathrooms). [SEP]
4	We had a restaurant.com coupon. They also have hour specials on appetizers. You cannot combine specials with the coupon.We started with edamame and mussels. I have never had mussels before, just oysters and clams. The mussels were eff'in awesome. They were not chewy and the way they were and served, spicy and bold, was seriously amazing.Three of us off three different rolls. Spicy tuna crunch roll, over the top. What the roll, another spicy roll that was seriously as H€LL! Screaming roll, spicy tempura style shrimp roll with a crunch. Spicy is the way to go with sushi rolls.For dessert we went with mochi ice cream, served in four flavors: vanilla, strawberry, green tea and mango. The green tea and mango were my favorites.Such a dinner, now if only they served alcohol. [SEP]
5	I this place! I've been here twice now and walked out with finds both times. They have a large of clothes - work-appropriate & cocktail dresses, shoes, jewelry, casual skirts and shirts, and more. The employees are very and helpful. Another reviewer mentioned $700 boots, but I haven't seen a single item priced over $100. I actually got gifts for my cousins, 2 hair and jewelry items apiece, for under $20 per person (and in the same visit found a dress for less than $40 that got me half a dozen compliments at a holiday party that night!) [SEP]
5	After weeks of anticipation, Side Bar has finally opened. As you ascend the staircase to the second level, the reason for the long wait becomes apparent. The attention to detail is amazing. Once layered with plaster, the walls were stripped to reveal the historic brickwork. Other historic elements include the original steel casement windows that feature a view of downtown phoenix and the surrounding area. Tastefully with these elements is a contemporary interior design. The lighting consists of colors that set the stage for the laid back atmosphere. No expense was spared when designing the bar and tables, which are made of exotic woods. Seating included organically shaped bar stools that adjust to a height and depth. There are also several u-shaped sofas that create conversational areas. Behind the bar you'll see an array of artistically arranged circular openings backlit in a warm, yellow tone. Thick glass shelving lines the back wall along with a assortment of liquors. The opening menu included wines and locally brewed beers among others. I tried a White Russian and my wife had a glass of Chardonnay. Both were very good. Prices seemed to be close to average for the area and when compared to the experience, were a value. I had a chance to speak to one of the owners who was with excitement. After two years of remodeling and working with the city and adjacent historic neighborhood, his vision has become reality. In addition to a brief history of his endeavor, the owner informed me that additional overflow parking will be adjacent to the main parking lot. Parking was one originally voiced by the neighborhood and city. The owners may also experiment with weekly art showings by local artists. Maybe they can arrange for it to coincide with First Fridays. Within walking distance of Side Bar, dining includes Pei Wei, My Florist, and Zoe's Kitchen. If you're looking for a unique hangout in an urban setting, then Side Bar comes highly recommended. [SEP]
5	Went to Cracker Barrel twice while vacationing at our home in Litchfield Park. All the food we ordered were very and the service was also. I highly their pancakes. [SEP]
4	One of my parks that I've been to! There are two areas, small and big. I have a small dog so I go into the little dog park. The running room in this area is much more than the big dog area, but that's ok - it seems to be room for the little ones. There is a water faucet to fill up water bowls and allow your dogs to off.One of my features are the trees! It's a park and the trees are gorgeous. They provide lots of shade and make for a relaxing soundtrack. This is one of the furthest parks from my house, but I always make the trek out there just to come here. [SEP]
5	Grassroots is around the corner and we drive by it every week on our usual Friday-Dinner-Out. I always assumed it was more of a pub than a restaurant. My wife and I arrived around 5:00pm and were seated immediately. The waiter was and knew the menu and preparation of everything I asked about. We started with an appetizer special of burrata* with ciabatta tips, their house spicy tomato and arugula with champagne vinaigrette. It was described as a sort of an experimental combination of preparations from other dishes. The burrata was silky and spreads onto the ciabatta softened cream cheese. The play of flavors in this dish was excellent, we'd go back here just for this dish alone.My wife ordered the lobster bisque as her entree, which was and creamy with a lobster flavor. I we could have asked for bread on the side, but it didn't come with it by default.I ordered the short ribs with roasted asparagus and jalapeno cheddar grits. The ribs were cooked just right, just a little pink and with a concentrated glaze of sauce layered on top. The sauce had a light smoky flavor with a amount of saltiness, and appeared to be a long simmered reduction with bold flavor. As others have mentioned, the jalapeno grits are very good, not spicy by any means but a little crunch from the jalapeno pieces, creamy and prepared. I strongly the short ribs to anyone.We splurged with dessert of key lime pie and a banana split. The included three large scoops of (what appeared to be) homemade ice cream and topped with caramelized pecans. The key lime was tart and delicious.The portion sizes were and considering the careful preparation and unique flavors the price was appropriate. It's a little more that I would to put Grassroots into our weekly rotation, but I look forward to visiting it again and sample more items off the menu when the budget allows.* I didn't know what burrata was: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Burrata [SEP]
5	This is my note:Yours beers are so delicious, your food is absolutely scrumptious. I wish I could spend forever and always with you. If I could just never and sit inside of you all day eating and drinking, why, I think I would be the happiest gal on this side of the Mississippi River. You are great, don't change, and please, stay with me forever and always.I you to the moon and the stars Handlebar,Katlan [SEP]
1	This location is now closed. [SEP]
5	I stayed at the Motel across the street from this restaurant when I stayed in Gila Bend. I had been driving all day through the and really wanted to kick back with a beer and some food. Little Italy did not disappoint!! I got a large pizza that was AMAZING!! Plus the service was too. and friendly. [SEP]
5	Chef Bianco does it again! The homemade pasta is unreal. You can actually taste the freshness of all of the ingredients. The pasta is thick (like homemade pasta is supposed to be...) but not heavy at all. I also the casual vibe and the staff was very and nice. You really feel a guest sitting in the kitchen in a home somewhere in Italy. [SEP]
4	Indian food is often minimized by attempts to make it less exact and somehow more palatable by other cultures. This is at the cost often of not allowing the original of the cuisine to be savoured by all. In fact, my visit to the Indian was not without some and on my part given that so many places in the area get it when it comes to this genre. Boy, was I wrong! Don't let the fascade of the place you. When you enter, it takes a few seconds to the fact that you are going to have the article here. If you go at lunch time, you can experience the buffet. I went on a Sunday afternoon and the place was for a sunset dining experience.ALL the food...from the nan to the lamb curry, to the tea, to the samosas to the califlower....EVERYTHING was really good. But I have to also add that there was a certain family-like atmosphere created by the staff and the service was unassuming yet intuitive. I found that I did not want to leave. I just wanted to stay here and talk and snack a little. That's kind of to achieve in a strip mall restaurant yet, this did not feel that.You should go for yourself and see if I was just way too nostalgic for Indian or whether its really 4 stars. [SEP]
1	Why can't the attendant understand a simple direct question?Can someone please tell me just where the I'm supposed to put my freakin' drink?and of all ... my balls don't fit in this place.*one extra star for the bartender offering me her personal *minus the extra star for not having any matches [SEP]
4	I found this place whilst trying to find mac and cheese places on yelp. I'll be honest, I my wine and I my cheese. points if its melted over mac.And they do mac and cheese. Some than others- my so far has actually been the spinach and pesto. If you want the chorizo, I say pass. The spinach or the bacon is much better. If you're into bleu cheese, the bleu cheese mac is VERY bleu. Take that for what it's worth. That's not all they do either. Their entrees are great. My boyfriend got some scallops that were incredible, though I don't think it's on their menu now.Their wines are too. I'll be honest, I'm no connoisseur, but they had a moscato from Israel that the bf still drools over. It's that the next time I was there I picked up a whole bottle, just for him. I've also had one of their mojitos and that was as well.As a note- if you're in for hour and get a cheese plate... I really do think its to splurge and get a regular cheese plate. I got a hour cheese plate, and it's... miniscule. All of the stuff that made their non hour cheese plate was diminished. 1 cheese instead of 3. No boursin. Fewer crackers. Less of that orange honey and apples. You get my drift. Definitely a must try. Service is and attentive, and it's always been and when I went in. [SEP]
4	Jesse had such a experience here. I have been using this place for about, well, from the week they opened as it is so close to my office.They have never or any of my clothing, and I drop my wife's stuff off here as for dry cleaning. They have also always been true to their word on when I can pick up my clothes - although I am usually days late on the pick-up (one of being a clothes-horse I guess). Two doors down from Dunkin, so to drop and pick the rags and then grab a cup o'joe before hitting the office. The women who there aren't too on the eyes, either, which is always a plus.Hard to believe they are still using a dot matrix printer, but that has no impact on service. [SEP]
1	Out of business [SEP]
1	Ok Im giveing Del Taco one more chance....I go in what is your chicken Idem....um Burrito or taco? he asksHave you had the Burrito?no....I haven't had ethier...Have any one eaten anything here? I ask the rest of the resturant crew....they All there heads no....ok so even if the food was discounted or no one should ever eat del taco.....regardless I did eat a burrito.....and my where confirmed....I could have dumpster dove at a taco bell and gotten food......Feed me food once, on you.....Feed me food 4 times on ME.... [SEP]
5	I can't believe we get to review a publication. Nonetheless, it's to know (especially for Dave B., who obviously didn't do his research) that this magazine is published by a gentleman who grew up here in the valley and wanted a way to promote all of the great, people and activities they are doing by making a magazine. He decided this 17 years ago, and, despite much even (it costs money to print and distribute thousands of magazines and no, the ads do not cover the full cost), continues doing so in the name of cultural awareness. Notice that the photoshoots use local designers, local models, local photographers, and local locations. The articles are about artwork currently displayed in local galleries, businesses (like restaurants) and bands that local folks have started on their own from means, and about up-and-coming events the taco festival (started by a local), fashion shows (again, utilizing local designers and run by locals - no Dillard's show coverage here) and about people in the valley who are trying to make a difference in our community. If the magazine doesn't seem enough, it's because the people who are the magazine decide what to write about, and therefore don't have to pages with when Java can be promoting a local chef or a new local jewelry designer. When it's run by a local, written by locals, and put together in the publisher's dining room, I can't think of any magazine with MORE credibiilty and freedom. The publisher and writers are in choosing to write about what moves them rather than what the latest is. That's why you read a story about the man who purchased a building and was designing it into a venue before it was the Crescent Ballroom. That's also why you'll read the backstory on five locally owned, coffee houses at far ends of the valley. The candid shots in the back are a tribute to local events the publisher attended but maybe an article hasn't been written about, or to local artists, designers or patrons of the arts. While it's always to hear what people think of Java, knowing what really goes on behind the scenes gives me nothing but for the handful of folks to who put their blood sweat and tears into creating this publication each month. [SEP]
5	This place was AMAZING! I have stayed in probably over 100 hotels, this one was the hotel I have ever been to... staff was extremely friendly, I WILL be back! [SEP]
3	-1*Dropped in for my 3rd visit & still no menu board or the other offerings that made them different....no cupcake, boba, etc. Tried the pistachio fro yo & it had an artificial after taste. Guess I'm driving back to Yogurtland for now. [SEP]
1	Overcrowded, sprawling of a mall (and I normally malls). Traffic and parking are almost as as at Tempe Marketplace. The layout makes it to find specific stores (even with the help of the directories). [SEP]
5	Finally had a chance to watch a game here! Just moved to Surprise in July, and have been waiting for spring training. Very parking, and the seats are great! It does not matter where you sit. The diner have food. I will be coming here a lot! [SEP]
2	2 stars! Sat in the restaurant for 15 minutes ... no waitress ... no water ... no nothing. We left.Sad part was there was people who left, then came back and got service before us. The guy who came in after us got seated, tea and his order taken while we just sat and waited. SERIOUSLY we will be going back now. If you have an hour or so to kill, you can wait for your food/service in there. [SEP]
4	I have been going to Niro's for several years. You can always count on them fulfilling your your order very quickly and with quality.When I am in a hurry between meetings I can count on Niro's to deliver a experience than I could get at a random food joint.The gyros are good, the french fries are and and the service is always friendly. [SEP]
4	I've got to admit, fishing at the Water Ranch pond kind of makes me think of the Beverly Hillbillie's cement pond. But I really it! The location is perfect; at the intersection of Guadalupe & Greenfield. Parking is no problem. The walk from car to water is little more than a skip, hop and a jump. Very for my elderly dad to take my son fishing. The fishing is too. The pond is stocked with Trout, Bass, Catfish and Sunfish. We've been catching trout (10-12 inches, Yum!) using nightcrawlers. I'm keep hearing that white power too. Although the bottom of the pond seems to have several rocks, don't ever seem to be a problem. Maybe of all, the edge of the pond is a cement curbed sidewalk. I said, Jethro Bodine would be at home. I suppose if you are gonna be an Urban Fisherman you might as do it right!Not much into fishing? No problem. There is a library with windows looking out over the pond. There are paths for a walk. There are birds everywhere. There is even some kind of observatory (haven't checked it out yet, don't know the details).All-in-all, this place is exactly what you'd want... and more. [SEP]
4	Dropped in today for the first time...and can I say it's the drive?No attitude. No c*nty saleswomen that OTHER PLACE THAT SHALL NOT BE MENTIONED.Cashier, sales people and customers were all so darn and I don't know what to say other than...YAY! I'll drive the 20 miles here to get my dog the food he needs.Buh-bye local business pet store that's closer to me and sells the same brand of food I buy for my dog...I'm a fan of the BEAST! [SEP]
3	We stopped by and rode the train, which was a history tour. We discovered the history of mining in the area and some of the local lore regarding the Mountains and the Dutchman Mine. I would to come back and spend more time exploring the ghost town. The train ride was a bit for what it was although I the Hurry-Up Henry the conductor. [SEP]
3	I do Chinese food, and for such a big city I find that Phoenix (or at least Scottsdale) in options, either because they aren't the most welcoming of places, or simply because there aren't that many (compared to sushi restaurants for example. I've been to this location maybe 3 times since moving to Phoenix (8 years ago) and must say that I usually go because a friend as a Pei Wei craving. I found the food to be ok, but I'm typically one who doesn't spicy food as I find it takes away instead of the flavor. I wasn't too hungry and decided to take the chicken rice. I have to say that my chicken rice is the one from Tottie's in Scottsdale that not only is but always gives me left overs for lunch the next day. Portion was ok though the rice was a little and the person I was dining with had the chicken lettuce wrap which wasn't too either. Service was as our food took about 10 minutes to come, but I must say the staff was when I was asked where to get takeaway boxes as as a takeaway cup. I'd give it 4 stars if after a handful of experiences I had Pei-Wei on my must have list but with Pita Jungle, Sack's , Subway, Rubio's, etc. nearby, the competition for casual is and Pei Wei just doesn't cut it for me unless I really had a craving for Asian food that day. [SEP]
4	Orange Table is one of my go-to spots in the valley. The food and atmosphere are superb. The wide assortment of beverages certainly strengthens OT's menu when pairing food and drink.I will admit that while the location may seem to find, there are times where I've had to wait, and wait...but if you food then it is the wait.Their salads and burgers (especially the wine burger w/ cheese and red onion) are fantastic! [SEP]
2	I'll be honest--this place is for Americans... but not for Chinese people. The waiters were sort of to us, despite our being able to speak their language.Furthermore.. what kind of Chinese restaurant serves dinner out of plates? Blasphemy! Our table to had to go out of our way to get bowls! I'm surprised they had chopsticks.Otherwise, their food was salty and pasty, for Americans in search of a Orange Chicken replacement. Wait.. salty and pasty? It's supposed to be a (insert meat type) dish, consisting of subtle flavors and chili pepper action.Neeext... [SEP]
5	Amanda was very when we looking at the ferrits..... A pet store. [SEP]
4	Korean Kalbi and other table meats.rest of the dishes wasn't that .Weekend could be really busy you might need to wait for a while to get your food.but weekdays slow.If you Korean BBQ, this is the place in chandler ,gilbert area. [SEP]
4	Margie's just opened about two months ago. I upon it while looking for the Eba Cafe. This little place is open Monday-Saturday, 5:30am to 2:30pm. It is a stopping point for commuters looking to get a coffee or breakfast bagel pick-me-up, check some email (they've got WIRELESS!) and head into or out of Tempe.I ordered a simple coffee and the egg-and-cheese toasted on an everything bagel. Tasty and a truly treat without a to the wallet.The place is very clean, couches near windows, and Margie is just delightful. place to chat and concentrate away from the main throws of other well-worn coffee houses.Expect to find me there often--mainly because I want to keep this coffee house close, alive and well! [SEP]
1	The bill was 150.00 and that was after a appetizer coupon they sent me via email. The food was no where near the HIGH price! The service was not up to par either. I really can't believe people pay such high prices for food that come with NO sides, etc. I got iced tea to drink and it cost a whopping $6.00. That's folks....6.00 for a glass of tea. What is that 100% profit/mark up? I paid 12.00 for a soup sampler. Each of the three soups were in a tiny espresso cup. My salmon was no than what I get at Texas roadhouse but it was three times the price. I would definitely not this place. If you want a fancy, meal go to Houston's! The one thing that was were the rolls (they were too)! Don't get me the food is but not the price tag! You can get just as food a lot of other places for a lot cheaper! [SEP]
5	thought-through details make Lux amazeballs. The espresso is good. Really good. Like, I need to order an espresso along with whatever else I'm ordering just because it is so delicious. The food is presented (little light on the gluten snacks, but there's fruit, so no one is starving). There's plugs all over.The furniture is mostly to wipe down.The bathroom door has written out instructions so no one is on when the door is locked. It also has soap. The patio is really pretty.The clientele seems cool. I kind of feel maybe I'm going to be cooler by association if I out here. I'M GIVING IT A GO. Let me know how I'm doing. [SEP]
5	The Burgers in Town!!!!! I have been hooked on their yummy burgers since the first bite. I used to always drive by this place and notice that the parking lot was always packed........and no wonder, they are Wonderful!!!!! Their custards are extremely yummy too :) the drive from North Scottsdale. I haven't tried anything else off their menu besides the burgers, custard and fries. Always tell myself that I will next time but when the time comes I just can't pass up my favs :) [SEP]
2	Possibly the creepiest store I have ever been to. I mean, it's sandwiched between a strip mall and a giant lot. [SEP]
4	this place! I meet my husband here for lunch as often as I can. It is a bit for being a food place but the food is so good. I always get the pita pizza and the pasta salad. place to eat. The decor is but the staff is usually really and again, the food is great! [SEP]
5	AMC Esplanade is by far the most navigator of the new Dinner and a Movie blue ocean the theater industry is starting to penetrate (that's right, I just referenced Blue Ocean Strategy, get over it). No, it's not an extremely enlightened idea. I've been sneaking Bacardi into theaters since 2003 so it's about time theaters realize they should probably attempt to turn a profit off of it, but AMC really upped the game by not only providing me the option of purchasing alcoholic beverages from THEM, but also chairs, and a ton of food (Including the obligatory $4 box of candy which is sitting next to a $9 burger. Don't mind this $9 full meal over here, we still stand firm that Gummi Bears are their weight in gold.)Yes, it's more than a regular ticket. Almost double for the seats. But me, YOU WANT THOSE SEATS. You will not getting the $15 seats if you don't buy the $15 seats so just pony up the cash and in the fact that movie theaters are now almost as as watching a movie in your own home. This theater is so it even makes movies tolerable. I saw The here and probably would have stabbed myself in the eye with my embezzled Bacardi flask if I didn't have a recliner and three glasses of wine to get me through it. I seriously won't go to a movie anywhere else and I you'll say the same once you go. FIVE STARS. [SEP]
3	Went for lunch again with my wife and SIL yesterday. Was and they are a Star each of the last two times. We ordered four entrees -- A combo Nam Yeung Noodle salad (I forgot the Korean name), Pork Tonkatsu, Seafood Tofu Soup, and a dinner portion of Kalbi. We got there at 2:00 pm and we were immediately told that they plan to close at 2:30 pm even though their lunch hours are until 3:00 PM -- WTF?? So we ordered quickly. Within a minute the tonkatsu order came out and it was cold; probably premade or something, and the meat used was very, very thin (again) so it was very dry. The Seafood tofu soup and buckwheat noodle salad were OK. The order of kalbi came out last, but not on a sizzling, cast iron plate, so the onions on the bottom were raw and not grilled and caramelized. Don't know what is going on here, but each time we go, it seems that they are going downhill. So we have decided to look for another restaurant option for Korean food in our area.Sorry for this seemingly update, but I want all yelpers to know of my opinions and observations. We used to be big of this place. [SEP]
4	Ahi tacos, rib tacos and ribs are all but a little overpriced. Service staff is always top-notch. Both the beer and wine lists are good, mixed and specialty drinks are done. [SEP]
4	Similar to Joe's Farm grill we make sure this is one of our regularly yearly places to hit whenever we can. Piles of BBQ'd meat? Yes please birthday meal? yeahHomemade rootbeer? I'm moving inWe've had food and service every visit and to it off on my birthday they gave my friend a meal too because he was in the military. You can't beat that kind of hospitality [SEP]
1	One star for the most service in recent memory. Our server DK was outright and horrible, and outright ignored us when she wasn't making us uncomfortable. As a former waitress of 14 years, I have the utmost respect, and tolerance for my former bretheren - but this woman needs to go. DK! Otherwise, our Teppiniyaki (sp?) chef was wonderful, the food was and and a four stars. I have been going to Kyoto since 1995 and it remains a and place with very prices. Too it was this time by DK! DK needs a different job, more suited to her personallity, euthanizing kittens or something. [SEP]
4	Sidebar is a trendy, hip down town bar located above Pei Wei and Starbucks.The bar is small, the decor is with a retro feel (Urban Outfitters, maybe?), wood, curvy white bar stools, ambient music and muted lighting.The beer and wine selection is good. A little ($3 PBR, but at least they have it, and $5 Blue Moon), but not too bad. They have a selection of spirits, too, Patron, Chopin Vodka, Booker's Bourbon, as as the standard stuff, so there is definitely something for everyone.The smoking patio is a stairwell that outside the building. So, to say, it can get a little with people crammed on the stairs puffing away.The place was cool. The crowd was definitely the hip and crowd, but not too pretentious. After a second trip here on New Year's Eve, I am sold. The cover was only $5, the staff is/was friendly, and welcoming. They have drink specials, not just the price but creations. [SEP]
4	This studio is probably the yoga studio I have been to. I went there several times a week for about a month over the summer and it every time. I the music they play and I that the teachers are and motivational. I really got a workout while going. The space is and even good....that's for a yoga studio. I that they have wood floors...it makes me feel they can keep it and it's to balance on. The reason why I knocked it to 4 stars is because it is simply unaffordable. I have a job, but I don't think I could to keep going. If this place was priced, it would definitely get 5 stars from me. [SEP]
4	Love, love, this place!Great atmosphere, for large groups, casual and fun! Have been here a number of times, and have yet to be let down.Order the potato tater tots! Oh my goodness! Life changing!!! [SEP]
1	Entering the store is visually overwhelming. There were so many things take in, I thought I'd found my new grocery store. I wandered for a 40 mins checking everything out.... After the ether wore I began to realize something. While the selection was wide, it look OLD. I raced to the fish and noticed that even packed in ice their little fish eyeballs where and into the sockets. I looked at the section and found some fish that had a sell by date of 02/2010. There was other fish that was packed by the store with no packed on or sell by dates. There was canned and boxed food past their expiration date. I checked out this place on the Maricopa County health department and they had their fare share of customer driven inspections. [SEP]
4	One of my restaurants in the valley. I usually go for the turkey wrap or one of their pizzas. On this day we went for hour, which is daily after 9pm and tried several tapas and a 4 peaks beer. Everything was really good. [SEP]
3	food when it's slow. Not so when busy. This is usually a place to stop after watcning a show at the Harkins theater nearby. If the lot is full on a Friday or Sat night I would pass and go somewhere a little less overwhelmed. Although the service there has always been for us, the food is hit and miss. [SEP]
5	I have no idea why I haven't dined or noshed during hour at this place more often, I've always had service, wine, and food. There is no , but anyway, my third adventure here made me update my review to 5 stars because 5th and Wine has earned it.The wines by the glass range from $8 - $11 unless you come in before 6pm then they are only $5! Those prices alone should make you want to come here for drinks with friends. The servers have always been with offering samples if you can't make up your own mind between two wines despite the from the server and your friend saying just pick one!. Due to this fact, I've always had a glass that I have enjoyed, which is usually a Zinfandel. I have now had the of experiencing all of their different types of bruschetta. My two favorites are the Prosciutto, Mascarpone, Figs, and Tomato which has a combination of salty and sweet, and the Apples, Brie, and Fig one which is on the sweeter side, but not because the bread and the tart granny smith apple slices help balance out the flavor. The Chopped Salad is very light and option to accompany the brushcetta appetizer. 5th and Wine is also a restaurant so other food options are available, I have sampled the Chicken and Pesto Pasta which has a cream sauce and their Mac & Cheese which is with the two types of melted cheese, but both items are delicious.The atmosphere is whether you are sitting inside or outside. The lighting is soft, giving more of an feel, yet this place still remains simple and casual, which I love. The outside patio is great, it is a courtyard that offers peeks into store windows while remaining private from the traffic of Old Town. The times I have been here it has never been and I am able to just walk in and be seated away. 5th and Wine still feels a hidden and you must try it out! [SEP]
5	Haven't been to a Vietnamese restaurant since I left Colorado, almost three years ago. But for what it's worth, this is the best, most Vietnamese cuisine I've had so far. =) [SEP]
4	I that we have a sports venue in the West Valley, I think that this place has tons of more potential but under the current it will take time to and get the growth we need all around this place. I that Cabelas is over here and 2 movie theaters nearby. I the food options when we are in this area and sometimes drive out of my way to come here since Park West is also nearby on 101 & Northern. We came here this weekend and the kids walked around with us and we all the fountains and the kid area where children can play in the water. [SEP]
1	service, staff needs more training. There's 4 managers and none of the know what they are doing, i don't think this place is going to make it. but you 4 very patrons Saturday night because of your customer service [SEP]
4	It's usually a ghost town at the downtown Phoenix bars, but when a game and/or concert is happening, suddenly the bars are bustling. Such was the case last night at Majerle's, former Phoenix Suns player Dan Marjerle's sports bar. With the Beyonce concert across the street at the arena AND a D-backs game at the ball park, Phoenix was a hoppin'.My friend and I stopped into Majerle's, which I've been to a few times before, for dinner and drinks before going to see Beyonce. I had a cheeseburger and Cesar Salad. While I realize it's to up a Cesar Salad, my salad was seriously the Cesar I've ever had. And my burger was packed with flavor. No AOL named them Burgers two years in a row. We also had a chocolate martini (with Vanilla Vodka, not creme based) here. And on Fridays if you're in the mood to really start the night, the bar offers a Corona or Pacifico with a shot of tequila for $7 as part of their Sizzlin' Friday special.My only was that our waitress suddenly went M.I.A for about 15 minutes when we were trying to close our tab so we could go to the show. But I'm still going to cut them some because this is one of a few places to drink in the downtown area.HOT TIP: A second Majerle's will be opening in Chandler in the fall. [SEP]
4	So I decided to stop in today! Double stamp tuesday! Try the chai high! It is the blend of tea and smoothie in one!!!! [SEP]
3	Went here before the Jason Mraz concert and the Rock Shrimp appetizer, beers and cocktails were very good, however the service was a little slow. I ordered the angus cheeseburger and it came with a 1000 island dressing and pickles, a glorified Bigmac, what a disappointment. [SEP]
3	Dropping down to three stars ... On a recent visit, I saw TWO roaches on the main floor of the restaurant. No one seemed to care, so I got up and stepped on one. I pointed out the other, and one of the staff it, but they didn't seem surprised. I know that roaches are to control, but having two of them wandering about in a busy restaurant just isn't a thing. Also, our waiter was an overly chatty guy who seems to think we are interested in his voice. They had some staff in the past, but I the owner, who to get and out on the patio, gives me the impression of a guy who would be to for! The food is still and than anything else I've found, but I'm looking for alternatives ... [SEP]
5	Had a time here with my husband celebrating my birthday last weekend. We both got The Farmer's Feast and it was truly amazing. I was not expecting that we would each get unique dishes so that let us sample even more of the food (though the hubby didn't really share too much). I highly this option for anyone dining here. The antipasti was a selection of cured meats and local cheeses. Next, I had a salad that was a combination of peppery flavors mixed with sweet. Strawberries, arugula, radishes, yum! For pasta course I got gnocchi with a and tasty cream sauce and my husband got ravioli stuffed with yam. His dish was amazing, I had to fight for a couple bites. For the fish course I had poached halibut that was served with some kind of really flavorful sauce and a vegetable puree so that whole thing was extremely delicious. The hubby got a very lightly seared tuna fillet. I was very surprised that he it so much since he is usually not a raw fish kind of guy. For our main course I got a pork tenderloin and the hubby got braised beef... just we each got our meats. Each came with other vegetables and starches on the plate so they would have been an meal in and of themselves. For dessert, I got a goat cheese cheesecake that was truly amazing. One of the deserts I have ever eaten. Very but the pieces were small so that it was not heavy. The dessert did not have too much so it went with the ice wine it was served with which tasted honey. Just fantastic. The hubby got bread pudding which we didn't much care for and it came with a sorbet that I didn't try. I got the wine pairings with the meal and every wine just complimented the dish it was served with so that I was really I added that option. Also, it ended up that you got a half glass (at least) with each course so I think it is a value (the wine pairing was an extra $45.) I do agree with a couple of the reviewers who mentioned salt. There were a couple of dishes that had just a tad too much. However, I think that was not due to a of the chef, I believe it is just because they use cured meats in a lot of their dishes. Another reviewer mentioned service but we did not experience that at all. Our server was extremely and friendly. She was very on the food and could answer any questions we had for her. She also took the time for each course to explain each dish and in my case the wine and why they went together. Only one time did my wine not come out at the same time with the food course and in that case our server apologized immediately. I do agree with some of the reviewers that the service is very slow... however, I believe that this is intentional. They have created a very and environment and they want you to linger and yourself. With the Farmer's Feast in particular it took us almost 3 hours start to finish but I every minute of it. It was to have time in between courses to sit and talk and relax. The spacing also kept us from feeling too full by the end (it is six courses after all!) or from letting the flavors from one dish influence the next. I was able to each course separately and independently with its own unique wine. It was food heaven. This is not the type of place where you would stop in for a meal before a show or event; when you come here, this should be your only destination for the night and it is such a experience that it will be enough! We truly had night here.One I will say is for ladies, you need to be prepared for the rural atmosphere and the walk from the car to the restaurant would be in heels (I had been so had wedges). In fact the dress code overall was a bit more casual than I was expecting. Kai at Wildhorse Pass resort is my absolute special occasion restaurant and so we were making a lot of comparisons between the two. My husband made the comment that when we were at Kai we spoke in library whispers the whole time and felt a little at times (you know the type of place where you feel if you use the fork you may end up getting kicked out) but at Quiessence we were chatting away the whole time and completely at ease. It is definitely a much more and environment then any other I have experienced at a restaurant of this caliber. [SEP]
5	service and food! I ordered the burger sliders for lunch without the 1000 island dressing and them! A quick little meal for those on the go! The attendant even offered me a tall glass of ice water to go while I was waiting. [SEP]
5	I've been a regular here the past 3 years. Other than the wait being long, the five spot sandwhich and waffle make this place one of my in the nation. [SEP]
3	This place is so cool! The menus are on the walls in sharpie along with signatures from a lot of local athletes. They will not present a bill to you, but rather you to tell them what you ordered and pay the amount. The food is great, artery clogging, and comes in huge portions. I the smothered chicken with yams and green beans, and order it every time. I always want to sleep off the rest of the day too. Saturday they do a rib plate. spot for those working or living in the city. [SEP]
2	Not long ago I went and got takeout - and everything tasted kind of fishy. [SEP]
5	Barb at Tees and More does a job. They provided our company shirts and did a job. service, service and people. [SEP]
3	I don't eat a lot of pasta and I don't come here all the time. However, I think the salad with pesto dressing and the garlic Mizithra (spaghetti with bacon, mushrooms, brown butter and cheese) are very good. I have heard that the other stuff is good, too. I have only been here for lunch, so I don't know what dinner is like. Sit in the trolley car -- you can ring the bell!It is located off the light stop at Central and McDowell, near the Phoenix Main Library. [SEP]
3	I stopped in on my lunch break. The BBQ isn't for a food type of place. I had the brisket on this particular visit. The BBQ sauces weren't the I've had. If you are in the area and looking for BBQ, I Pork on a Fork. [SEP]
5	Mid size American airport with very organization, very straight forward, no hassle. Security is a little and priority lane isn't really priority, it's more of let's make of first class flyers getting pissed lane, so let's first class flyers with big giggle!! Many stores and food quality is okay. Seating areas are limited, at least for the Terminal 3 before security, so be aware. Lots of volunteers working here to guide you to the place, there may be more volunteers than passengers. Haha. [SEP]
5	I did not know I could still be since it had been years since I had done anything that involves even a minor level of creativity.But what was this!A girl friend took initiative here to organize a kitchen tea on a recent Saturday afternoon. We were a table of 6 girl friends that were scheduled for some pottery making! My initial idea of this venue was admittedly a little different but than expected in so many ways!For one we did not have to get all that dirty. Not at all really. Also not that I mind dirty. This is for those who whether to go or not to go.And two - we were able to bring along our own food and drinks which made for responsibility sharing in the wining and dining arena.Once we were set up with our party arrangements and have had some snacks and champagne we were inspired to start our artistic journey. The idea was to have each of the 6 friends make a dinner plate (or item of the bride to be's choice) which we will then give to her as a wedding present. I thought this idea was really original.So the bride to be selected her dinner plates of choice after which we were briefed by a very and staff member as to the different effects that the paint will have once the plates were baked. All informed we went to select the different colors we needed for our different art works.Everybody started painting and each one of us got really involved with their own creation. The event took us much longer than we anticipated but in such a way. We finished about 4 hours after starting off but much enlightened by the activity.Everybody agreed that we will have to go here again for the sheer and feeling of it promoted. I have not yet seen the end product as one of our friends went to pick up our designs - but we will presenting our collective gift to the bride to be soon :)Go go here for a outing with friends/family/kids! [SEP]
5	Stingray Sushi is where we go for sushi .Sleek ,beautiful interior and very ,very ! This dining house has large 13 or so foot doors that when open ,seamlessly link the patio potion with the interior dining area ,a very design flow,indeed. The patio itself is very as it has seating .The service has always been ,the sushi very with presentation .We to get the sushi boat , edamame ,and beef yakitori.The fire dragon rolls( though on the small side) are also yummy.Drinks are very here ..the orchid (yum)a very drink .And their HH is really as . [SEP]
4	Sauce is a Quick Serve place. I had the Chix Caesar Salad it was large and filling and quite good. The sangria is as well...I the koolaid touch around the edge of the glass. My man had the bruchetta caprese style and it was awesome...the tomatoes were ripe and the mozzarella was and creamy. The bread was a really crusty yet fluffy yet able to hold up to the mix piece of wonder...we found out they get it from LaBrea. If you want a quick lunch or dinner check it out...we look forward to trying the pizza and pasta next time! [SEP]
1	Waffle House was packed, Over heard another couple taking about Eddies, With a 20 min wait ahead of us we decided to try it out. Walked in looked a senior center. Tables and chairs were very out dated. We sat down in a booth. Food was still on the table and the cushions were dirty. Waitress came over after 10 min and asked what we wanted to drink. 10 min later she brought out or coffee. Placed the order waited another 20 min to get the food. The diner wasn't busy at all. I don't know why the wait was so long. The food was ok, service was horrible. One thing that really grossed me out was the a/c return next to the office door. Look up and you will see probably years of that has collected. I showed the waitress and she really didn't care. I told her that if I would of saw that when I came in I would of just walked out. GROSS! Waffle House I will never you again. [SEP]
1	This place has the oiliest food I've ever eaten in my life. I had carry out one evening (two dishes) and the entrees were soaked in oil. I had to rinse with water my eggplant dish three times just to eat it without feeling to my stomach. I wish I could've washed the other dish too (but it wasn't one that could be washed--it was a wide-rice noodle dish).Can definitely taste the MSG in these dishes too.Really not sure what the is about. [SEP]
4	Monday... BIG screen football, volume up, don't come here Mon night if you don't want to be immersed in football. $5 burgers that are reg $10, combined that with hour deals 4-7 pm every day of drafts for just a bit over $3 & all flatbreads & apps 1/2 price. At normal prices I would feel more 3-star. But if you know what you are getting into & come for deals, it is for what it is.Waiter was VERY of menu, with suggestions. Atmosphere really is with the wood ceilings to floors, big place but up with all sorts of nooks, apothecary stuff Apollo over in cabinets, with Seattle Seahawks stuff thrown in. [SEP]
5	If it's an emergency, they will generally see you asap. When we used to live in Ridge, we had 2 dogs, 2 cats, there were times when I needed a vet immediately, and generally they will accommodate you in such a demise. They see you efficiently, but of course they will suggest things that I feel are not merited to add onto a bill, but it's your to question their additions and refuse, of course. I've never found them to be or pushy, they will easily offer other options, or be ok with your decision.During 1 extremely period with our Rottie/Sheppard Mix, they were very understanding to the emotional we were experiencing with regards to his advancing old age - he was 17. They were to provided us with care during his aging. Sadly, it came to a point that his quality of life was no longer conducive to allowing him to continue in the state he was, and it when it came to making the and very decision to allow them to put him down, the entire staff were so understanding, caring, and totally sympathetic to our demise. They allowed us to hold him, cradle him and pet him the whole time. We were allowed as much time as we wanted before, during and after the whole life-altering circumstance. They even sent us a sympathy card, signed by all the staff, after the we went through.During another trying experience we had to endure, our boxer mix was attacked by another dog and needed care. We were now closer, and under the care of the Tatum/Shea location, but they were to see us. This location was able to open up their schedule to see us under this circumstance. They provided expert care and to say that he mended just fine, with no lasting ill-effects. [SEP]
3	I just don't think I'm much of a brewery gal. Granted, the beer here blows Four Peaks out of the water, but I'd much rather have a cocktail than chew though a specialty brew. But if beer is your of choice, they've got just about everything. The hour is kind of here though, with a buck off all drafts. Thoroughly meh.You can peruse the coolers and grab a one or choose from 20+ drafts they have on the menu. No Bud Light here though. frat chumps. They used to have a ton of wine here as (like, ages ago) but it has since been narrowed down to just four choices, none of which were calling my name this last go round. Their Orange wheat beer was a bit drinking an orange creamsicle in beer form. Almost a cider with floral notes, a light finish and a creamy mouthfeel. (Oh yeah, bitches. I just went there.) The beer for the novice drinker to enjoy. Their IPA was also decent, but was more than I care for, although it stayed far away from feeling I was drinking a bottle of grassy perfume. Solid.I thought they had deals on hour food (again, a buck off) but last time I went it was no dice. At least the food's priced. Tasty rueben, craptastic hummus, crispy quesadilla. The acoustics in this place are kind of shitty, so go on an off time when it won't be packed, or run the of and nodding while hearing every other snippet of convo. The high tables are also really for shorties me to sit at, but c'est la vie. My biggest about this place is the gigando assy television against the wall. For a place this small, a big ass mofo tv is just not the way to go. [SEP]
4	This restaurant is close to my office, so it is a regular stop for either a Mexican breakfast or lunch. Never been dissapointed, nor have any of my co workers. Try the Huevos Rancheros or the Chiliquiles ( With the Green Sauce ), it is a favorite. [SEP]
3	I've been there twice. Only a girl serve the table. If there are too many people,you have to wait for a long time. We ordered the tofu soup. That was great. Others, just that taste. Not not bad. [SEP]
3	La Condesa is in a rather unassuming location in Phoenix. But has a atmosphere when you get inside. The first thing I noticed was their huge salsa bar. We sat down and were brought menus and chips. I tried most of their salsas. They all had their own very unique flavor. the peanut salsa was really interesting. My was their tomatillo salsa. I ordered the Oaxaca Mole taco and a carne asada taco. The mole was with flavor. The carne asada was and flavorless...huh? I salsa on the carne asada taco and when finished was rather in that particular offering.Also ordered their calabacitas. They were and tasted great. I had a bite of my partner's pork taco and it was amazing. I am we found La Condesa and I will definitely visit again to try some more of their menu offerings. [SEP]
4	This staff at this United Blood service is first rate. Always quick and effiiant. They are always staffed and to go when I arrive for my appointment. I've donated blood at this location 10+ times and have never had to wait. Of course, I can't everyone to donate and donate often. [SEP]
5	I am not a connoisseur of cupcakes so I don't have a ton of references to use on this review. That being said, I'm not really a big fan of cupcakes either. This place is family owned and operated. There's a wife and husband who run the place and the wife's sister there also, which I thought was great. It is in the strip mall towards the western end of the shopping center.I tried a of the flavors including the Reese With-a-spoon, and a chocolate, chocolate chip cupcake. Coworkers that I shared them with, who are cupcake aficionados, really the and red velvet versions. While slight for a cupcake, (slightly north of $2 per cupcake) if you have a special occasion or just want a special treat these cupcakes are moist and delicious. They also do custom cakes and cake pops, though I can't speak to either of the latter two. [SEP]
5	So much food for so little money, and they have kids meals that the kids will actually eat. If you do not what they offer in the cafeteria you can get food downstairs Pizza and hotdogs...what kid does not Pizza or a hotdog?I had the meatballs and potatoes and they were so good. I wish there was something to say about eating in a furniture store cafeteria, but there really is not - it was food, service and for the kids (there is a play area with a TV that they can eat at too (so the parents can their food too)My wife had the herb chicken and it looked too, and she said it was really tasty too. She it. The desserts were too, and very filling --- SO MUCH FOOD for SO LITTLE THE MONEY!I wish it was not so far away from Queen Creek, or I would hit it up so much more often! [SEP]
4	It's not only a book store but also a community wherein a lot of readers meet. They also have a wide selection of used and unused books as as items so I get to do my shopping at the same time! [SEP]
5	Imagine for a minute that you're waiting in a really long line. No, it's not the line ride. You see a menu on the wall with your ordering options, but before you are anywhere near someone that could take your order, you're yelled at.Hey! What do you want?Don't be afraid, but don't be surprised either. Keep your and order your dogs. Immediately start thinking about if you want fries or rings (onion rings) and be prepared for when you're called upon again. Then watch as your dog is mutilated in front of your eyes and what appears on your tray is what looks a of decapitated food.Never though... because it is amazing. the wait and one of the dogs you'll ever have. My favorites here are the white and the bratwurst. Whenever I know I'm going, I end up salivating Pavlov's dog for hours.The booths are dog stand style and the pennants lined up along the of the walls are to look at. One started a whole conversation and research one day about a basketball team we knew nothing about. [SEP]
4	Oh another Location for meeting up with friends after work. and manned , the worker bees seemed in real force, cleaning refilling and picking up plates. to see. Food wasn't quite but it was tasty and filling . I usually have the panini with chicken and artichoke but today went for a Chicken wrap.Tasted a chicken wrap. The decaf teas was and the mango tea was too. I the casualness of the setting and the with which you can order at your leisure . If you are meeting people with different time constraints , this can be very helpful. [SEP]
1	My husband and I heard reviews about this restaurant and we decided to give them a shot. One word can describe this place GROSS!!! The food sounded but then you took a bite and ewww disappointment. The salsa was lame, the chips stale. There were only two things about this place the soda and the waitress was nice. Other than that don't your money GO TO ABUELO'S...it may be on the west side but it never disappoints. [SEP]
4	I remember this place being the few times I went there. I had a chicken salad sandwich one time that was awesome. I it. [SEP]
4	oOoh been here once for dinner and about three times for lunch...it's really a place for a quick and meal and it's not too other foods..and it's cheap. I their 3 piece meat rotisserie chicken that comes with a cornbread (I'm usually not of cornbread) and two choices of sides. I've had the creamed spinach, corn, veggie mix, mix, roasted herb red potatoes and yam which is my least favorite....the yam casserole is just too for my taste...so not a big fan of that one..other than that the other sides are good. The meatloaf meal is also really good...two really size slice of meatloaf also with a choice of two sides and a cornbread...2 bucks more than the chicken but sometimes you want something besides chicken. hehSo for a quick semi-healthy meal that does not consist of a hand full of grease (burgers, pizza, tacos of that sort..) then Boston Market is really a choice =)Yummers! [SEP]
5	We stopped here on a Thursday night on a referral and they we not exaggerating - this place is fantastic!We are always a little to try a new place when an omnivore suggests it, but as vegetarians, we found Sekong by Night so accommodating! They offered to convert nearly any dish on their menu into a vegan alternative, and it was delicious. The spring rolls are really big, and they swapped their fish dipping sauce for a vegan version. We had the Phnom Penh Noodle Soup with tofu & veggie broth (just the Vietnamese pho!) and the Katheaw Cha rice noodles with tofu instead of beef - AMAZING. Service was notch, and as many other reviewers noted their prices are low for the quantity and quality of food that you get.Looking forward to our next visit and trying more dishes! [SEP]
3	I ordered the Peanut Panang Chicken.... I rqstd to the waitress that I wanted extra Bell Pepper. When it came, it had -NO- Bell Peppers at all.... i actually didn't realize this until about 5 mins into eating it. could not find our waitress, I waited about 7 mins, finally, I had to get up & search for her. I found another waiter & told him my problem. He took my Dish, but then came back to tell me that they are All out of Green Bell Peppers. Would I Red Bell Peppers. I said yes, of course. This whole experience has put a taste in my mouth about this place, which is next door to the 'mediocre' Egg on Central. I Thaiger on Central MUCH instead! [SEP]
3	For pizza, it's as as it gets. More selection than the other pizza places, and the quality is way better. The wings are also, especially the Cajun flavor!!! If your looking for something one of the big chains, then go there, but this is for the money. If you want gourmet pizza, then go pay for it, don't look for it at the places. I paid $29 for an XL pizza with two toppings and 20 wings, and everyone was happy! Just know that it's really pizza, but it's than the other big guys! [SEP]
5	C'mon! sandwich lunch for $3? The place makes it to order, of baguette style sandwiches. Cash only, but the have an ATM in the lobby with a low fee. Or is it no fee? Anyway, coffee and drinks and teas. Line moves fast. Number pickup system is funky. My family packs these things to take home on the plane! [SEP]
3	It's true, there is a real bull and a slide. This place has been around forever, I think my parents used to go there back in the 70's. I can't say much about the food since I've only been here for hour, which was decent. Their HH included shelf for 3 bucks and some beers. They also have appetizers on the HH menu, sliders, quesadillas and potato skins, that sort of stuff.Pretty view and going during hour you can see all the people sitting in traffic on the 10 and cheers them from the balcony. [SEP]
5	I'm new to the whole Costco experience. Now that we've bought a house it's time to down and buy in bulk! As as new user I'd thought it would be to post the following services Costco has to offer:1. deals on contact lenses. Before I would buy my contacts from justlenses.com but through Costco I bought 8 boxes (a year's supply) and received $50 off! $25 off via instant rebate at the cashier and another $25 off via mail-in rebate which came in less than a month after the order.2. PIZZA AND DOGS. The take out pizza is huge and only 9.99 and the dog and coke pair is only 1.50. These make for a and quick lunch. They also have smoothies and salads if you're looking for something on the side.3. Food expos come and go often. Recently I got a deal on a 10 pack of pita bread, a huge container of hummus and pita chips for 12 bucks. The company was from California and let customers try as many samples as they pleased. It was the money and fresh!4. And here's where I feel Costco has really benefited me. My fiance and I booked our honeymoon to Tahiti through Costo Travel! I'm big on comparing prices before making a big purchase and Costco was hands down the price. It included seven nights, hotel and round-trip airfare all for one deal. The customer service agent I spoke with was and more than to answer my 500 questions about travel. I would Costco Travel to anybody looking for customer service and travel/airfare packages. [SEP]
4	food at a price. Not the Italian food but definitely a step up from all of the national chains. Also lunch prices [SEP]
3	This place was highly by various websites, so I gave it a shot when I was in Scottsdale. The service was and the food was good. We sat in the bar area which was lively. It feels a neighborhood hangout, so everyone looked they were friends and having a time. [SEP]
3	Third time back. This is my 9 year old daughter's restaurant for special celebrations. Maybe because the portions are sized for her. Just kidding. Sort of.Always food. Sometimes terrific. But never consistently, hit the ball out of the park good. The bill up on you. We can't ever seem to walk out the door with less than $80-120 bill for 2-3. Last night, had the filet. At maybe 5 ournces, bigger and more substantial than the last time, when I think I paid $32 for 2 ounces. Seriously.Last time the steak was perfect. This time, they overcooked it, but I didn't have the heart to send it back. So my wife ate it and it, and I got her salmon.Salmon was just okay. BUT, the bed of rissoto, one of my dishes, was and creamy.Overall, it's not a value. And it's a little french restaurant. COMPLETELY and totally not for small children, so don't even try. date place.Whatever you do, you MUST try two things: 1) Onion Tart - it's just a slice and a side salad as an appetizer, but OH what a slice.2) Berry Tart - the deserts are what makes this place go. Save room. Remember this:IF YOU GO TO A RESTAURANT WITH TART IN ITS NAME, AND DON'T ORDER A TART... well, what can I say. Just don't do it.Will be back, as I always have, and will to only feel slightly mugged next time I pay the bill. [SEP]
5	place for Chinese cuisine. The portions are HUGE! My fiance and I always only order one thing and share it, and still always have leftovers. The menu prices are very reasonable. Including tip, we usually don't spend more than $15 for the both of us for dinner. They are very personable and to your needs. I that it is a very dainty, and has a very laid back atmosphere. The chicken is our favorite!! :) They are also very kid friendly. We have an 18 month old son who always leaves a pile of rice on the floor every time we leave lol, but they him! Highly recommend! [SEP]
5	girlfriend and i always stop here on our treks to lee lee market. If you haven't tried pho (pronounced fuh) , this is a spot. Basically its a beef soup thats a thousand times tastier than campbells. its served with a plate of and veggies, bean sprouts, jalapenos, basil, etc, that you can throw in the soup. i using the spicy sauce that has roasted garlic in it instead of sriacha. we also had the lemongrass beef salad which was equally good. Everything is and tasty with service. make sure you take dobson for the entrance as pho ao sen is facing west! [SEP]
1	facilities, AC, but two flaws:1. Children running around yelling and screaming at all times. This is a of the parents and, more importantly, of the staff who apparently to enforce any kind of policies against whatsover.To parents and staff: THIS IS A LIBRARY *NOT* A DAYCARE!!!!!2. The collection here is 90% DVDs and Dummies books with novels thrown in for measure. [SEP]
2	At first I was to find a dry cleaning shop that was on my route to/from and had prices. The whole pay in advance thing and only accepting cash or debit card (with a 50 cent charge for debit) was a litte inconvenient, but that was OK. The first few batches of items I brought in came out great, but then the quality started to go downhill. I finally gave up on this place when 3 separate batches of items I brought in came back wrinkled, they were not pressed completely. Even the simple items pencil skirts looked they hadn't been touched at all. Huh? A low price is not really a if I have to iron everything again myself once I get home. Thanks but no thanks! [SEP]
3	3 Stars only because the house margarita and guacamole was so good. The food was (fish tacos), however the patio atmosphere was a bit sad. I understand this is more of a bar than a dining restaurant but the patio tables had no place settings, condiments, etc... Just metal tables and chairs. Also - there was no music out there, just this of a back alley generator. The service was a bit out on the patio as well. We were asked by three different servers if we have a server yet. Not much in the way of organization. Maybe management just hasn't gotten around to fully organizing and furnishing the patio yet. I hope they do, because they are in a location and the food and drinks give them lots of potential. [SEP]
5	I was hoping to be the first to review Grayhawk Family Chiropractic, but I'm to see Heather feels the same way I do about them.Dr. Frank Sorrentino is a true professional. I've from low back for years and Dr. Frank always knows how to treat the problem. Between regular visits and the website they set you up with to demonstrate stretches tailored to your condition I'm to report I've been in shape for a while.Whether you have an ongoing or have just injured yourself Grayhawk Family Chiropractic is the place to go. [SEP]
4	to rank this place... it is a retirement community first off. The club house is awesome. Pool is salt water and heated. Courses are nice, little bit of a challenge but basically flat. The putt putt course is very and really cool. I'm not at all with the club food and suggest staying away from the roast beef. It seemed fake. [SEP]
4	Now accepts plastic! Now accepts plastic! Did you hear me? Harvey's now accepts plastic!I've lived around the corner from Harvey's for a little over 4 years now. I had lunch there once in the mid 1990's, and went in to watch a Suns playoff game a few years back when my friend was decked out in Spurs gear and we were nearly lynched at Half Moon. Quick lunch with a girlfriend who was in the mood for a burger about a year ago. While I love, and I do mean a dive bar, this place the out of me. I'm young, not hideous, female, and not of the meth-head - so not only did I not blend, but I felt targeted. Sad, really. The ONE bar within stumbling distance from my house, and I wasn't going there. During a weekday for lunch was more or less okay. But evenings are when the come out. And I don't mean the me. I mean the ones - not just the ones. There's a difference!Well, enter the new roommate. He was to believe my review, and insisted we go. I resisted until late Saturday night, when he came home at 1am and insisted I get dressed so we could go there for an hour. Maybe I was tired. Maybe I needed a change of pace. Whatever the reason, I gave in, got dressed and we walked over to Harvey's.YAY! According to Echo, the bartender (yes, it's her real name. her parents are hippies mine), the owner has been working to the place (read: clientele) for over a year. It shows! Echo is three shades of - the gal to be running the bar! smile, quick wit, sense of and the to mix a drink while cooking any of the grub from the menu. She is a one woman show and pulls it off a champ!June drink specials included $2.00 Beam 5 Star bourbon, Yukon Jack, and I don't remember what else. I asked for a bourbon and coke, the roommate asked for his bourbon neat. (Brave - bourbon *needs* to be cut with something!). The pour is and Oh, and did I mention you can get a mixed drink, anytime day or night for just two bucks? For $2!!Two drinks for me, two shots for him, a beer chaser for him and a cheese wineburger between us. Under $14!! hell, it's to drink here than it is at home!And at home - we don't have the entertainment of the other patrons. Cowboy who would do the splits on demand. And suggest my roommate go through the needed steps for a game of rodeo with his girlfriend. You just can't make this up!Oh - and he bestowed slightly me with a new nickname.Apparently, I am a ass bitch. I don't know how he meant it, but I am taking it as a and will wear it with pride!Oh, yes. I will certainly be back! A LOT. [SEP]
4	a or acceptable Chinese restaurant in Casa Grande, I discovered this jewel while showing homes in Anthem. Menu has many choices and restaurant is with decor. The dishes I have chosen so far have been with portions. Service is and efficient. the drive from anywhere in Pinal County!!! [SEP]
3	Saigon Nites is one of the few Pho joints on the North side of town.I ordered me a bowl of Pho as usual, but I think the waitress made sure I knew what I was ordering, so she repeated and asked Beef Noodle Soup ... Yes, Beef Noodle Soup. I forgot I'm in N. Scottsdale where culture can be at times. I'll have me a bowl of Asian man soupy stuff and some noodles - wink! I also ordered some ice coffee with condensed milk - can't have Pho without one of these drinks. Overall, the Pho is okay. I'm somewhat of a Pho Nazi and this didn't really past the test. My ice coffee was - Why? It was served just right! Not too and not too lite. I'm really used to having it and simmering it off with some water to it. Not today my friends! Service and ambience is okay. I really the Vietnamese art here especially the portraits of the Ao Dai...Girls in Ao Dai - oh my! - Enjoy! [SEP]
4	I Buffalo. They always buy my stuff, and I looking around at what they have. I think the reason a lot of people don't this place is because they try to sell that no one wants to wear. It's a recession, so, you're not going to get dollar for your J Crew tee shirts that you bought 4 years ago that have pit and are hideous. Duh. [SEP]
5	This cafe provided me with my first Ethiopian cuisine experience. It was and I am to go back. The most thing to me was their selection of vegetarian dishes. They had as many options as those with meat which I really (doesn't happen very often.) The service was great. You can tell this is a family run restaurant that cares about their patrons. The food is very priced which make it to try a of dishes. We started with the shorba which is a lentil based soup. This was probably my part of the meal, it was absolutely delicious---satisfying and hearty. We also had the vegetable combination which had 5 different dishes served on the injera, a crepe-like bread you eat the main dishes with.This is a way to eat (with your hands) and opened up a new world of foods for us! Can't wait to go back and devour a bowl of shorba. [SEP]
5	This is hands down the place for bagels...but more importantly... after all my travels it has the Bialy ever.I just wish they would open on in Greenville.Oh it is soooo good, a poppy seed bialy toasted with cream cheese...I guess I can only hope they are always open when I visit Scottsdale....n [SEP]
3	Hmm...this place has a lunch hour, but the choices in the menu are kindof limited. The food isn't bad, but it's not amazing. So, three stars for being average i guess?I do come back every so often so I guess it's a plus. [SEP]
4	food, atmosphere. Look for the grafetti out back. Not Mexican food, but Mexico City cuisine. [SEP]
4	Union is a place set on the fringe of Old Town Scottsdale. The inside has a homey feel with booths that have extra throw pillows (love that) and lighting and scape paintings. A big is that while half of the seats face the paintings the other half face the kitchen. The wine flights are but the pours are and not as hearty as in some places. The bulk of their wine menu comes in bottle form. They do offer 8 oz pours of wine for about $15 a glass. Be careful when you order, as we were given 8oz pours and had no idea we were getting them. The food was quite good, they actually had real grilled focaccia and this garlic cream butter that was delicious. Its tapas style and we ordered three and it was more than for the two of us. All of the tapas we ordered were prepared. We also ordered dessert which was very mediocre. I would come back again but probably for a hour. As far as food goes it wasn't my at a wine bar. They do have a patio out front that looks it would be very on a evening. [SEP]
2	We went to THE PLACE for breakfast/lunch today. It must be a spot and was very busy. There were 2 specials of the day, Eggs Benedict and a French Toast stack. Both came with a choice of potatoes.I went here based on the reviews from fellow Yelpers. My daughter ordered the burger, it came with fries AND salad for under 7.00. The burger was very done, but it was 1/2 lb of ground beef. The fixings were on the side and it arrived on an unremarkable hamburger bun. The fries were and the salad was but it was DRENCHED in a watered down thousand island dressing.My eggs benedict was fine. Nothing to make me want to order it again, but not either. I would try their pancakes next time. They looked good!My husband's french toast stack arrived. 3 pieces of french toast with ham,egg and swiss cheese between the layers. Kinda a Monte Cristo sandwich. They bring out maple and berry syrup. My husband it. But, said he would try something else next time.I ordered my hashbrowns extra crispy, my husband ordered his burnt, his order came out exactly how i wanted mine. Crispy and cooked well. Bummer I had to just eat the of mine. We also wanted to try the biscuits and gravy. What a big let down. Quantity does not equal quality. The biscuits were large, and the gravy bland. Our service was ok. The people working there seem enough. They were giving out THE PLACE frisbees.They will be closing 7/21 and will re open 8/1 at the new location up the street at 51st ave and Bell rd, in the old 3 Margaritas building.Hopefully I will be able to update this one day and give a rating. But for now, I will stick to Ronnie's Cafe on Cactus rd. as my go to breakfast joint. [SEP]
1	The wash ain't bad....but the process to get it done is pathetic. The ticket writers at the entrance move in motion. They try to upsell at every opportunity. Four cars backed up waiting to order their service...and the crew is standing around with no cars going thru.I'd rather drive my car then endure the of management. [SEP]
4	Somebody please tell me why QT is the gas station/convenience store ever?The layout is the same for every one. The bathrooms are always less than other stores. The service is always phenom. Gas is usually relatively than other stations in the area. Plus its a one stop shop for got to have it nows snickers and chicharones and energy drinks and milk and wipies right? Hahaha!I don't know. My yelp told me to write a review... =D [SEP]
4	Sakana is one of the few sushi places that I return to. There is usually always a wait (no reservations, which is a PITA), but the sushi is fresh, service is quick (so it's not always friendly), and the calamari salad is SO effin good. Their lunch specials remind me of something I'd find in So. CA-- tasty, filling and priced. It's on the weekends with several tables doing sake bombs so it's a place to birthdays. [SEP]
5	I am very to say that Angela's truffles are taking off here in Cottonwood. I hope I am allowed to say I am a purveyor. When they arrived I was by their design and further blown away by the flavor. (Tears in my eyes...) My darling, have no fear, there are people up here who understand flavor, quality and most importantly: Chocolate! My patrons have latched onto these and I am to say The Cocoa Palette will always have a place in Northern AZ Wine Country with Bonne Lait! mon ami! [SEP]
1	I guess this is an east coast/midwest thing because I really don't get it. I'm not a eater and I food and money, but I could not finish my plate. I ordered french toast and I was not aware that my french toast was going to be deep fried. Seriously, when I put my fork through it, a piece of toast hit me in the eye. My husband was also not with his food. If someone would to suggest something on the menu that I should try, please let me know because I currently want to every time I see a Chompie's. [SEP]
5	I had a mani/pedi and they did a job every time I visit.. The place is and the specialists are very nice.. [SEP]
1	this place has 4 stars. First off you can always tell if a Mexican food place is based on the beans and the salsa. guess what both suck! Eat at el molino's and you will never come here again! [SEP]
4	I that the airport has a place with fresh, healthy, customizable food! Bakery has a salad bar (how often have you seen an airport with a salad bar?!), and though they don't have the hugest selection of toppings there are a number of options beyond just tomato/cucumber/carrots. The bakery section has a lot of treats and a standard selection of sandwiches. [SEP]
2	I'm torn with Cream. I've been to the usual clubs and lounges in Scottsdale to be of them, and Cream was something new. I that Cream is emulating Vegas-style nightclubs, but it's obviously trying too hard.The decor:First of all, this place is tiny. I've only been here once, and while it was half full, so it wasn't completely unbearable. But I can't imagine what it must be when they have guest DJs and other performers in. A tiny place that's packed isn't popular. It's just... small.The walls are covered in white (leather?), the tiles are white, everything is white - I get it, white Cream? I the to the color but the theme is waaay off. The surfaces make the place look and very hospital - I would have to see more lines and softness in the design, more flowy cream.The atmosphere:The dig the music and the techno. I get so of hearing the same songs on the radio. I the change in scene. Phoenix/Scottsdale is so in terms of music. This is a change. But it's too when you can't even put an order in for your drink. I literally had to pull myself onto the bar (I'm tiny, 5'3) so I could give my order directly into the bartender's ear.They also had a really entertainment act - a girl from a hoop suspended from the ceiling wearing a white bikini. She was in her hoop manipulating and was to watch, but I said, this place is TINY, and there were several instances in which she was inches away from kicking people in the face. And THAT would have been the cover I didn't pay (I try to find any way not to.)The drinks: and terrible. Maybe the bartender THOUGHT she heard me say I wanted a glass of vodka piss, because that's what it tasted like.I there will be any made that will make me Cream better, but here's hoping. [SEP]
2	Extremely service, hostess and manager were both rude. I noticed that 2 tables that sat after we did got served first. 4 out of every 10 people that walked in, walked back out once they saw the line. We waited 35 minutes for a table. This was my first and last time at this over priced Denny's [SEP]
4	FRY'S YETFeelin' a little blue, need a doc? No big deal, stop on by...Forgot to cash in your last paycheck? Pshh, Bank of America ATM AND bank up in this jointCrammin' for the next exam? Get your coffee fix on your way outFood, deli, bakery, flowers, home furnishings, school supplies, I don't know where it ends...All I need is a bed and I could live here...Oh wait, they sell them here too.And all this time I thought they just fixed computers and sold TVs [SEP]
3	I stayed here in March'10 and thought the place was alright, nothing to rave about but here was my experience:PROS:1. Location was for what I was there for (work)2. The nightly rates were really (this had to do with my company more than the establishment though)3. drive to/from the airport4. You can almost bypass Phoenix altogether getting to Scottsdale.5. Their was plenty of shopping places about a mile and a half up the road (think Buy, Target, McDonalds, etc...)6. A happening restaurant/bar up the street that gets two thumbs-up7. The rooms were actually really and nice...it was having a one bedroom apartment scaled down for size (full kitchen, massive bathroom, den seating area & king size bed in a sized room).8. tub was rockin' & nobody gave us a time about having glass bottles out there.CONS:1. Once I checked in, I had to lug a ton of stuff over to a room in the one of the back buildings and I couldn't see my rental car (maybe I'm weird...but I to have my car close by)2. I unpacked and got situated to find that the internet in my room wasn't working (Must have!), called the front office and they had to move me to an entirely different room (mind you I just unpacked...AGH!)3. I ate dinner a couple times with co-workers in their lounge, & while it was good...it wasn't great, so we all ate at the restaurant/bar up the street the rest of the time.4. Be aware, you stand a chance of see spiders looming around...so you have been warned, but otherwise it's real clean.I'd stay here again pending that I got the same room rates that I did last time, but it's my understanding having talked to the girls at the front desk that we got booked at low rates.***Don't get into any of that time-share crap...they don't push it some other places I've been...but it's NEVER a investment*** [SEP]
4	Not much to say about Lola's. Its cute. Its quaint. And the food it delish and authentic. Oh, but bring a sweater....they usually have the air on Polar Bear! The only reason I didn't give this place a 5 is b/c of the temp and the community seating. Doesn't me....well, maybe just a little. Can be a bit and for private conversation.Bon Appetite! [SEP]
3	Firesky Resort is a place to unwind and the dry evening air and fire-lit torches. Whenever I have the opportunity to stay in the Kimpton Hotel Group's locations, I always know I've made the choice. The hotel was beautiful, hip and inviting. I gave them three stars because the rooms were a nice, but not fabulous, the amenities of L'occitane products definitely helped. The restaurant Taggio was fine, wasn't and definitely was the part of the hotel which was least memorable. The staff was and helpful. I'd stay here again, but with the expectation of the pool/cabana area and leaving the resort for dinner. Scottsdale has so much to offer, what was I thinking.... [SEP]
5	Well, it's fresh, and it's easy. words to describe this cute, little store! This was my F&E in Phoenix because it was a mere block and a half from my place. I STILL it, and I moved away from Phx over a year ago! I popped in here several times a week to pick up staples, (it was always an adventure to see which prices had been marked down-- they even have a section in foods where they mark older stuff way down). I their little bundles of veggies which were sold in just-right amounts (as in, not so much that some of it will end up going bad). This market was also for soups (their brand was my pick, although they have a selection of major brands as well); it was also my go-to place for prepared lunches for (like the F&E pre-made burritos and pasta dishes). Check out foods too-- there are priced items tempura, and special organic seafood dishes I never found anywhere else. I also the casual setup of the checkout area, with the option for a cashier or self-serve. And...wait for it... I just found out they are opening at least two F&Es in Sacramento!!! (okay, that won't likely cause much of a stir with the Phoenix crowd, but I am so they'll be open in my area!) [SEP]
1	sslowest drive through ever!!! [SEP]
5	The food really is exceptional. Its the chefs create these little bites, and they literally are bites, of food that are so to taste.I'd the sampler dinner. I want to say it runs about $40- $50 but its it as long as you what's included.IT IS EXPEN$IVE. BUT the BF and I have been to try out this restaurant due to all the rave reviews it has been receiving on Yelp. LUCKILY a Groupon appeared for NOCA and we jumped on the opportunity. Turned out the fab deal was only helpful. Even with the Groupon it was still a $150 dinner (plus the cost of the groupon...). Granted we did get a bottle wine (but the we could find), espresso and a french press cafe... It's you analyze how much everything costs as you're ordering and are still when the bill comes- I that.Our reservation wasn't until 8:30pm at night, no big deal. The restaurant was still PACKED! AND people kept coming through the door!It is not a large venue. And the tables are CRAMMED, uber close together. I know that the four-some sitting next to us are going to Isreal next month, after their family vacation to Minnesota.... [SEP]
4	Saketini opened not too long ago, so they're still having opening specials. Get 'em while they're hot!I haven't had their food yet, but I have partaked in their drink specials. They have $2 drinks for hour. hoo! Plus they have a reverse hour too, which scores them another star. Any place that offers late night drink and food specials is alright in my book. Once I try the food, I'll be back and I'll update the review. [SEP]
4	Panda has a special place in my heart; the part I with orange chicken. I'm sure its not the most Chinese meal, although i don't know, but i consider it the Chinese take out in the area, solely based on this one item. Although I get the same thing every time i have on occasion tried other items that people with me have ordered. All the chicken entries are good, the same lightly chicken just different sauces (general tso is my 2nd favorite). The beef dishes are terrible. The seafood is just ok. The ton soup is really as and is usually the second thing i will order if orange chicken isn't enough. I cant remember if the pork is any but the ton soup has pork in it so i would give it a shot if you pork far more than chicken. The owners and servers are a bit by the high school students that frequent the place during lunch but will up quickly if you go in there a few times. Food comes by the way so make sure that when you get take out that you let them know if you will take more than 5 minutes otherwise it will be done and waiting for you after 5 minutes. The store has few tables where you can eat but for the most part is a takeout/delivery based establishment. However if you do eat there they have Barq's red cream soda on their fountain. [SEP]
3	Having been to about ten 24 Hour Fitness locations here and in California, this location is probably one of the least impressive. While the staff is and the gym itself is clean, the facility is small and on only one floor (note that it is a 24 Hour Active, not a 24 Hour Sport), and has an industrial feel - it used to be an old Costco. Weird. It's never really all that busy, so waits for machines or weights are minimal. Gymgoers in North Phoenix will be to know that a new 24 Hour Fitness Sport is opening on 43rd Ave. and Bell in May. [SEP]
5	This is my public pool in the entire valley. It's - 2.25 for adults, 1.00 for kids. You can bring in drinks and snacks as long as they are not in a cooler (weird). They have a snack bar. It's very clean. Oh and the most part, they have a river, two big water slides, a whirlpool, toddler play area with more slides, basketball, lap pool, diving boards.... I think that's it. It's quite a drive but it's it. [SEP]
4	I have just relocated to Scottsdale and to find a wine bar and/or restaurant with a wine list...and 5th and Wine was the one place that everyone recommended, so I was to check it out!I decided to check it out one night after work, and asked a few co-workers for some delish food choices to try...the bruschetta was the one to try!I the ambiance, very social atmosphere, bar scene and small tables, but they also had another room for tables further away from the bar which was more and atmosphere. I was quickly seated at a table in the more area, and could scope out the scene. I started with a delish glass of Charles LaFitte - Brut France sparking...which for $9 was a deal and refreshing!I quickly scanned the menu for the bruschetta and my mouth started to water with the selections. I opted for the prosciutto/fig/marscapone bruschetta and the standard mozzarella/tomato/basil bruschetta! Both were totally delicious! The bread was lightly toasted and a bit soft...not your typical crunchy bread bruschetta...which I actually more than I thought I would. I ordered the Beef Bourguignon Julia Childs' Beef, Wine, Bacon, Mushroom over egg noodles...for $16.96...again, a total deal and totally tasty! The beef melted in my mouth and the mushroom and sauce was hearty and flavorful!All in all, the meal was wonderful, and the service was - very staff - Jonathan, my waiter, was personable. I also met Scott Yanni, one of the owners, who came over to see how my meal was...and he was very when I told him that I just relocated here and was very to find his restaurant as one of my new favorites!I will definitely be back for more of their menu and tasty libations! [SEP]
5	Just came from there as part of my trip down the Apache Trail. My 9year old daughter it so much she insisted on stopping in again on the way back. The town is really with tons of photo ops. We picked up a few souveniers and some prickly pear fudge. We did this in 100 degree temps and still it. For those curmudgeons moaning about this being a tourist trap, RELAX....the kids it. This 40 something mom it. It's to just walk around. But definitely do the Shack. and fun. I actually got in it. [SEP]
3	I usually get the Arizona Smashchicken or the Arizona Cobb Salad. Both are always delicious! Sometimes they are really spicy and other times not so much. I guess it depends on who is making it and how many jalapenos get in there. The chicken is really flavorful, unlike a lot of other chicken sandwiches/salads where the chicken is and adds nothing to the meal. I think I am the only person I know that isn't a fan of the Smashfries. They are generally tasty, but I would far regular fries. I really this place, but its a little for what you get. Lunch for two will probably set you back a least $20... its not too bad, but your $20 will go a lot further other places. [SEP]
5	This place confirms why hole in the wall places are the places to get food. Its virtually to find the place but once you the aroma of home-cooked Mexican food, you know that you're there. Usually there is a long line; however, their service is quick. With the combination of their service and decadently savory food, Rito's is a staple Mexican food stand that everyone has to visit when in Phoenix. I always have a green chilli burrito and haven't quite ventured out to other things on their menu, but I have never heard anything less than about what they have to offer. [SEP]
1	I am furious.In the last 12 months, I have had at least scheduling issues, from them calling me at 8AM on a Saturday morning (my 1 day off) to cancel my 11am appointment to last Saturday, when I went in only to be told someone had up, and actually booked me for the NEXT week, and despite me driving all the way out there at 11am, they couldn't get me in until maybe that evening, and then not with someone who had experience in deep tissue/medical massage. I was and to ask for my membership then, but Ashley the clinic manager me that they'd give me my next week appointment of charge, and that she'd personally be certain there were no more issues. As I literally couldn't turn my head to the left due to pain, I took her up on that. BIG MISTAKE.Yesterday (the Friday before my scheduled massage, I went out of my way to call in and confirm my own appointment, to try and avoid last week's debacle. According to the woman who answered the phone, it looked my schedule therapist was actually scheduled off, but she went to talk with her manager, and came back to the phone telling me everything was ok, and that she'd call with any issues. Then yesterday evening, I got ANOTHER confirmation call from Massage Envy, confirming and reminding me of my 11:30am appt on Saturday with my preferred therapist. GIven that I've had 3 migraines this week (versus my 0 or 1 when I get a massage the weekend prior), I really absolutely needed to get in, so I felt more confident.Well, I was just woken up at 8am...again. On my day off...again. To explain to me that, big shock, they up my scheduling again, and that apparently, my therapist was off today. Despite Ashley's of it not happening again. Despite me being pro-active and calling to confirm. I am sitting here in pain, so at this repeated treatment that I can't even go back to bed...and the part? They don't even have a manager on duty I can to.My treatment at the hands of the booking/front desk staff has been any thing BUT relaxing. I continue to walk out of there frustrated, angry, and occasionally in tears. I know they say Me Once, On You, Me Twice, On Me, but I was trying to give them the of the doubt. I'm for today and the next week, but luckily, an Elements place with a similar concept opened recently in the general area. At this point, it literally cannot be any than massage envy. As much as I Talisha and Aisha as massage therapists, getting a massage should feel good, and not you're just a number to them, not you actually have to spend more time trying to get a appointment than you actually get to spend IN the appointment. [SEP]
2	Checked this place out today for lunch as a possible spot to watch NFL games. Took of their lunch menu and got the sliders. I get my bill and $2.50 is added to my bill for a beverage. I was drinking water. Apparently, you have to buy a drink to take of the lunch specials. I was not informed of this and was pissed. On of that the sliders were at best. These specials that have these restrictions drive me crazy. A heads from the bartender about the beverage deal would have been nice. When I questioned the bill, the original bartender who took my drink order said, she didn't tell you? I'm not going back to this place. [SEP]
5	I was very to find this place as you will be when you walk inside and find clothes and accessories for even prices! There are several locations throughout the (east) valley. Treat yourself. You will be you did. [SEP]
4	Back in town and back to our hotel in the area. across from North Mountain preserve, where we to hike in the morning, or a 10 minute drive over to the Squaw Peak area.Love the pool area - but if you quiet, there are other pools - we just the music and the cocktail service. Different Pointe of View is supposed to be an restaurant at the of the resort with views, but we usually opt for local, regional restaurants... Via Delosantos, Aunt Chiladas, Mi Patio are some of our favorites.Only reason for 4 stars this time is that I used Hilton Honors points for our room and I am a Diamond member.... not with our location at all. We being up high in the cliffs where you have a view, and this time we overlooked the of a building. I was bummed... especially since we are return guests. (didn't complain, however...not my style). Next time I will request a view.Have to say, however, that upon arrival, we were assigned a room with a group standing outside on their balcony.... loud, smoking and arguing. We immediately called the front desk to ask to be moved and they arranged it away, which was nice.Every time we visit the same people are working in the pool area - and we always feel welcome. service and friendliness.Can't wait to go back. [SEP]
4	I went to this place with a family member upon their recommendation. The salad was amazing! I forget exactly what it is called (cowboy chopped salad I think?) . Firstly it's (comes in rows of the ingredients which are colors; arugula, tomatoes, pepitas, dried currents, chicken, asiago cheese, and dried corn for some crunch) Then when it gets to your table they pour on the dress (a creamy dressing with a slight basil taste to it), and it all gets mixed together. I believe it usually comes with salmon instead of chicken but we ordered ours with chicken and it was a fit, I highly suggest it. The rest of the menu looked too, but I'm not sure I could go there and not get the salad. So I suggest going with multiple people, the salad and then another entree. The decor of the place could probably use a little sprucing up and it's a bit on the side. Service was not the experience. It was a time and we had a time getting our bill or being asked if we needed anything else. Thus the deduction of a star. But I would still give it another try just for the food. [SEP]
4	This place use to be a Wendy's for years since I lived down the street. Still, they made it look on the inside (they have a drive thru!) and they even had a man playing his versions of rock songs on guitar which was nice. The Hostess was also our server and she was (Go Erin!). When a girlfriend of mine and I walked in we saw the specials for the day and when I saw avocado curry I was sold since I'm to avocados. We got the lettce wraps which was (wish it didn't come with iceburg though) and got it simply because it came with I believe their and sauce AND the peanut sauce. peanut sauce.From what I saw, they had a full bar. Beer selection was good, nothing on tap though which makes me a panda. I had to order the thai tea which was very and tried the thai coffee, also good.Avocoda curry was amazing! Though when I got the bill I was to see that it cost $18... I understand that when they say it's the special, it means that they don't serve it on their everyday menu.I'll most def be back, very place!P.S. Came on a Monday night. [SEP]
1	Decided to give Tempe Marketplace another try after reading recent reviews (hoping that they had improved). I had to ask myself if we were visiting the same place. The traffic and parking situation are still and the loudspeakers in the parking lot are unacceptable. The JC Pennys and Targets are versions of their regular stores at other malls. The stores here all open too late (11am, REALLY???) to be in our uber summers (except for a Targets that opens at 8am). Even though I am a Tempe resident, I will continue to choose the Riverview shopping area on Dobson over this mish-mashed monstrosity. [SEP]
3	This bar is ok to out at. I think its sort of frumpy. The drinks are fine, I've never eaten there. They have PBR there. Lots of local people mostly regulars. Anyone can go there an fit in there. I have been a few times but it's not a place I spend a lot of time. [SEP]
2	This location is a glorified garage sale. It and nobody speaks English. Children are running pulling clothes off racks and smashing into people. If you are lucky, you can find shoes, but I have never found jack for clothes.Go upstairs to Marshall's and spare yourself. [SEP]
5	This location opened up just 3 weeks ago, and offers high quality, natural products for mainly cats and dogs, although there is a very basic small animal section. The emphasis is on foods that are more nutritious, healthier, and that don't have corn or soy in them. There is a large freezer section in the back with a selection of raw food meals. Also, there is a plethora of treats and toys for your furry friend as well. The small animal foods section has a few small bags of hay, some treats, pellets, and toys. I wasn't too with their rabbit selection, and they did not offer high quality brands such as Oxbow which is a bit surprising since they have so many high quality dog and cat products.Jill, the manager, was very and is very about providing the products for pets. She showed me various treats, foods, and toys, and provided a lot of educational material on dog nutrition and health. She provided a sample of some grain-free dry dog kibble which is highly on dogfoodadvisor.com, which I a lot since my dog is a bit with the food he eats. This is definitely a place to go to and your dog or cat! [SEP]
5	This is the ice cream I've ever had, bar none! I had the salted caramel, and it was wonderful! I felt I was 7 years old and my first ever ice cream cone. I also the decor of the shop, the braille on the back wall is so (although I do exactly what it says!) I also bought a pint of their ice cream at Whole Foods, I Republic and everything it stands for! Totally recommended! [SEP]
4	We went to the Science Center for their body exhibit and then walked around to find something to eat. We chose The Rose and Crown because it was close, not too and the music pouring out was great. We ate out on the porch of this house and although we don't drink, we were welcomed and the experience. I asked the waiter for his dinner suggestion and went with it (fish and chips), my husband ordered the shepherds pie. Both were quite delicious. I even took the time to use the restroom and to see the inside of the restaurant and the ambiance throughout the pub. I will definitely be back with friends to again. [SEP]
5	This 5 star rating is mostly for their boba! They are about how many flavors I put into my boba (usually about 4!) unlike other boba shops that only allow 2Their ramen is and decently priced. However, I don't coming to this place much ONLY because I don't coming out an Asian restaurant. [SEP]
4	Just went tonight. Was looking for some late night Mexican food and atmosphere a step above most things that are open this late and found success.This place is definitely trying to pull off and I think they do a job of it. Their selection of Tequila, the mood they set out to create.I do not that you had to pay for chips and salsa but the food was for how the restaurant was, so I think it evens out. They might charge for chips because it's the kind of restaurant where you could spend several hours drinking and if people ate chips the whole time that was happening it wouldn't be profitable. I say this because their alcohol is a deal. 16 oz. Dos Equis for four bucks on tap and it wasn't hour!This place is a balance of modestly priced mexican, drinking and atmosphere. The food is not but it's good, and with the atmosphere and wanting to eat at 11 at night this restaurant/bar is overall impressive. (If weren't for the late late night aspect would probably only give it three stars) [SEP]
4	Via Delosantos is one of the few places in Phoenix that a vegetarian can get a Mexican meal. Neither the beans or rice are cooked in lard, which is to find in this town. The chips and salsa are premium, just watch out for the potatoes and such - very greasy.Thanks to Philip's review, I hadn't heard about their health code violations. It's something I'll keep an eye on in the future though... if they take another dive they did in 2004 I'll keep my distance for a while. [SEP]
5	I really this place. I'm not sure why there are so many mixed reviews... maybe what they ordered? I always get the regular size custom burger... blue cheese, mayo, lettuce, tomato (and sometimes bacon). Simple and delicious. The rosemary fries with sauce are also amazing. The only thing I didn't care for were the pickles... a bit too salty. [SEP]
5	My husband and I El Metate... we about putting a line item in our budget for this place we eat there so much. Their food is delicious, they are family owned and operated - always friendly. Their sauce is to for, both green and red. It's possible I El Metate than Amados! [SEP]
1	One hour. That is how long we waited after ordering before we decided we would rather eat anywhere that wasn't here. A crushing, underwhelming experience in of service.We arrived, found we had valet parking? With a teensy parking lot, this works, you. A selection of indoor and outdoor seating? Also a plus. Setting expectations and/or taking care of waiting customers? FAIL.On a AZ autumn morning we came here (tho we entered Rockerij). We asked to be re-seated outside because inside of Rockerij is as a tomb and had loud, conversation intruding, music. We were reseated by the fireplace, and a waiter came over shortly to take our order. Bam. So far so good...or so we thought. 30 Mins after placing our order, I ask another waiter to check on the status of our food and he asks about what we ordered (exactly)...so we think it is being taken care of. 40 MINS after placing our order, I have still only had my coffee refilled once...and had to flag down another waiter to inquire about the status of our food again, because our actual waiter is nowhere to be found and the previous drive-by waiter never returned. A few mins beyond that, this guy actually comes back and indicates that our order is nearly and should only be a few minutes longer. Shortly thereafter OUR waiter stops by with comments of: I don't know why it's taking so long...andI put the ticket in after I took your order...So...as a waiter...maybe it might be part of your job to check on the status of an order say...15mins after bringing it by the kitchen? Perchance? What do you think?FIFTEEN (15 == few?) minutes later, we still had no food and I'd had quite enough. Out the door we went.On a note: As we were outside (another 5 minute wait because the valet had our car either parked in Egypt somewhere or tandem?) our waiter came out to find us to let us know that our food was if we'd to come back inside?Oh R E A L L Y? The Clue-Delivery Train will be visiting you shortly. Facial cues you may want to look for in the future are:1) the furrowed eyebrows2) fuck-you facial expressionand3) curling fistsIt seems that we are not alone in this. Courtney W.'s review (10/14/12) is representative of what we experienced.I am how they have any reviews. There must be a serious of sit down restaurants in this part of town, because this would never fly where I live. I cannot tell you how much I am looking forward to NEVER COMING HERE AGAIN.P.S. They own 3 restaurants apparently: Richardson's, Rokerij, and Dick's Hideaway...all in the same area (Rokerij and Richardson's being attached). P.P.S. They all serve the same menu. It is NOT amazing. I have previously been to Dick's. Yes, it is good. No my socks did not come flying off.P.P.P.S. ProTip: Drive down to Central Phoenix and go to Durant's, Portland's, Switch, or Fez. All of these places have service and food to match. [SEP]
5	the shows the promoters bring in. spot where I've seen Owl City, A Frenzy, Landon Pigg and more. Plus they are with the Malibu Rum :) You will need to visit the bar to get your own as I've never really seen cocktail servers. Oh well... Atmosphere is laid back, chill. A large patio. And yes, the Shaker Room. The hot, your stripper ass, place to be. [SEP]
5	I really the chicken and how it already comes with pickles o. The sandwich ... Fave.. I also the buffalo sauce very [SEP]
2	four star average?Why?This place is a chain restaurant with a name - the family made me eat here and I will tell you this - the only thing four star here are the tall young fit waiters.... everything else is and salty...At least they serve bourbon - but seriously the cocktail menu was and the preparation by the untrained bartenders was obvious - rolls with honey butter oh that's -the food was applebees meets outback - one of those taste of the world menus - my dad was to order the prime rib - it looked a swanson dinner - dad - IT IS CALLED WHITE CHOCOLATE GRILL - what does that mean - oh it means we are and have duped people into thinking we are a restaurant.So - seriously the service is and the food is prepared and home with more flavor and less salt - i guess the real french fries - the string kind were yummy but I needed to up my BP meds.oh and a decor thing - they use rolled up, stacked utensils in napkins as sorta sculptural decor around the restaurant - sorta [SEP]
4	I am beginning to be hooked on sushi. Two years ago, I would have told you that sushi was just wrong....but now I am :)I went to Sushi Eye on Friday with my and friend. (You know who you are) I was to go there, especially with the rave reviews. At first I was a little put off since I thought that our server was a little bit of a with a splash of attitude. I ordered an iced tea and before it took her over ten minutes to come back so I could get some pink packets to it up. (And that tea was dark!)After that little slip, everything was perfect...(though my miso soup didn't have any seaweed in it...which is in my book) I had the Spicy Scallop and the Philly Roll...both were awesome! And my friend's California Roll with Asparagus was the best. I will have to order that next time for sure.The sushi chef was very and the other server there was more attentive. I the menu and it had a lot to offer. (And since I am don't know a lot of my sushi yet, I it that they had descriptions) The place was and I really the layout. I will have to go there again and have some sake as well. :) [SEP]
5	This place is great! [SEP]
5	We traveled from Anthem to find this little Turkish heaven. The drive was it. everything about this place from the service to the food! Definitely be back. [SEP]
5	This place is great! I really the extreme and of the employees. customer service. Also, the of favors is fantastic! [SEP]
4	This place is very cool! I went here after with a sorority sister for drinks on a Friday night. Ended up staying for 3.5 hours.Fantastic atmosphere with outdoor and indoor seating. Lighting is and indoors with rustic seating areas and large booth for groups getting drinks together. The outdoor patio is sectioned off in a covered area with tables and smaller seats while an uncovered area hosted seating for peeps who rode their bikes in.The drinks are yummy. If you're into fruity, girly cocktails there isn't much to choose from, but for a more mature, grown-u beverage, you're in luck. Hit the hour (which ends at 5pm).It gets a tad and it to tell the wait staff apart from the customers because they're all in street clothes but they're very and sweet. We ordered the fondu plate and it was great. Pretzels, sausage, apples and the cheese... for up a bit from those yummy cocktails. [SEP]
4	This is one of those places that I always seem to forget to review. I guess maybe because it seems everyone already knows this place is great!!The details you need to know:- Live music sometimes- hour food specials- Most wines (3/4 of the wine list) is $5 a glass before 6pm. Use your Yelp check-in offer to drop that to $3. YES I SAID THREE DOLLARS!!!!!!- bruschetta, burgers, and everything else. Chef's specials are often vegetarian so that's for someone me- back patio that isn't obvious to a first-timer that it exists- bathrooms! You know all of the above doesn't matter in the slightest bit if the restrooms are nasty- Wine specials on the 5th of every month. Now, I have never participated but I think it's $2 for a specific wine. But since you can use the Yelp check-in offer, I haven't since it's cah-razy every day!! [SEP]
2	I the outdoor space at this restaurant. We had a very waiter serve us. We started out with a gin cucumber cocktail which was so refreshing. For an appetizer we had the chicken arugula flatbread that was tasty but definitely could of used a bit more flavor. The caesar salad made with kale was so salty that we were not able to eat much of it. The romaine salad was okay, nothing special. The entree, halibut was so dry it was totally inedible. The roasted vegetables were just so-so. I ate here in December and it but this time I was very disappointed. I am in no hurry to return, except for a drink. [SEP]
4	I had dinner at the True Food in Scottsdale on a Thursday a couple of weeks ago. There is really nothing not to here. the restaurant itself is looking and will be when the weather warms up as all the walls are glass doors. I thought alcohol was priced or least the wine was as you get glasses starting at $6. we shared the lettuce cups as an appetizer and they were quite tasty although to eat as are all the dishes that use lettuce as a tortilla. I had the puttanesca with a twist--no anchovies--instead with ahi tuna--it was quite tasty and was a sized portion. My sister in law had a tofu curry--that also was quite flavorful--even though I am not a fan of curry and can take or leave tofu. head the chocolate cake for dessert which was just right. I will definitely go back-all in all a evening. [SEP]
5	these cupcakes were amazing!! The frosting was picture-perfect. I tried Vanilla Salted Caramel and Pumpkin and both were so good! The cake on both were and moist. Vanilla Salted Caramel definitely was the of the two! [SEP]
4	If only it wasn't all the way up there... i'd be on it a at the FEZ hour... margaritas, martinis oh my! Anyways that's how I would describe my dinner outing to Los Reyes de la Torta with my best, Sara V. She thought of it and I bought it... so off we went after on Monday night to Los Teyes de la Torta for some Torta goodness. The only Torta I've had prior is at Gallo Blanco. and they Ribeye there is but here we were at Los Reyes and the menu was huuugggge! Sara V. was hungry so we started with an app, the chicharron quesadilla estilo del rey which is with queso, pico, onions, and jalapenos. I got horchata as a drink, and Sara V. got mango juice. Felt tropical and I guess it went with the feeling of mugginess outside. Anywho, the quesadilla was big, and really a meal in itself. For our entrees we decided to two tortas, they were the Arizona Torta and the Mexicana Torta - steak, sauteed onions, jalapenos. They were both big in its own right, half a torta is filling on its own. Sum up our experience, the tortas are really good, altho i can always pass up the Mexicana and try something else. The horchata was alright, nothing unlike La Condesa which has a very and really yummy Horchata. Not a big fan of Mexican mangoes coz personally I don't think that they're sweet, Filipino mangoes are still Queen! The quesadilla was yummy, it very much. I think it's proof that when more than half their clientele are Latinos is that it's a torta shop. The dinner was not and I had leftovers but really it and will come back soon! [SEP]
4	came here one night alone. the hostess sat me down and kept staring at me as if there was a eating alone! i found that a little rude.my waiter, however, was nice. I only got the french onion soup and chocolate souffle for dessert since i heard things about their soup. it came out in this little cauldron, piping hot, cheese all gooey, and several crispy chucks of cheeses were tucked near the edges. it was french onion soup, although i have not tasted different french onion soup to judge it as one of the best. the chocolate souffle took a while to make but it was quite delicious. my server brought it out and poured this choc sauce infused with some sort of liquor. the etoh didnt evaporate so there was still a taste to me, which i dont prefer. the souffle itself was and fluffy which was good. [SEP]
2	i was really unimpressed with the pizza here.it's conveninetly located, but never very busy, even at it's prime location by a bar even on a friday night.cheap slices, and to get in and out of, but of all the many, many people i know who frequent this area, none of them really ever eat there. [SEP]
5	I am 5'0, so I require a lot of alterations and it is essential that I have a alteration service. I will never go anywhere other than Reflections for my tailoring services. I have had innumerable pairs of pants hemmed here and have been completely satisfied. They have private dressing rooms with real doors (I to undress behind nothing more than a curtain), everyone on staff is competent and very friendly, the prices are reasonable, and they are almost always able to complete your alterations in less than a week.I have only ever encountered one issue..when I had two pair of very thick trousers hemmed with a cuff at the bottom, the cuff seemed loose. Since I didn't want it to get caught on something and come apart, I took them back to be adjusted. The second alteration was done in just a couple days (in winter, which tends to be a busy busy time for them) and the new stitching was nearly indestructible!The staff here also seems to have an memory, because even after a year hiatus- they greeted me by name! [SEP]
4	On display were High School Kids Art from Apollo, Cortez, Glendale, Greenway, Independence, Moon Valley, Sunnyslope, Thunderbird and Washington. Ribbons were to the most and there was art extraordinaire. I can see Mike Nielsen has a appreciation for the Sunnyslope Art Walk participants and our community. His interior design for home and office look very cool. [SEP]
4	to say this place is still going a little over a year after my first visit/review. Wanna try it? Then visit on a Tuesday night for $1 tacos and $2 cervezas! They have Tacos and Salsa, and an Tequila bar. Do try the grilled corn on the cob.Excellent place to all night with friends - drinks, food, prices. [SEP]
5	I'm going to be an uptight stickler here, and only review the pizzeria portion of LGO since the grocery part can be done under as a separate business. I hope others follow suit. Sorry, I'm nerdy about this stuff.Anyways, the sourdough crust is my pizza crust in all the land. I the flavor and how it's always with oil when it comes to the table. The toppings are really special here. If you even remotely avocado, get their avocado pizza. The puts it over the top. The corn with goat cheese is my next favorite. The only one that I haven't is the the rocket man. It tasted fine, but the heavy toppings were too much for the thin crust.We also had the of trying their grilled artichoke appetizer one evening. I couldn't get of it! It's not on the menu (seasonal item I'm sure), but we asked about it when we saw plates of it go by.Extra points for the large selection of pizza wines. Any time I can get a bottle at a restaurant for under $20, I'm a camper. [SEP]
4	this is not in the mall dq a real road side flash back [SEP]
3	I came in on an early Friday morning to buy a dozen and a half of donuts for my co- workers. The man behind the counter found it I order such an amountapparently, by the way he repeated my order. In my case 1 dozen would have been too little, 2 dozen too many and I didn't want to any. That alrady made me feel uncomfortable. Just fulfill whatever order you get, I am customer. It was my first time here, after many, many drive by's. He asked me what flavors and suggested to make a mix, I didn't have a preference, as I just an assortment. Again I was frowned upon. Just give me your bestselling flavors...what's the problem. Well, I guess it was once and never again. The donuts were tasting, but the service was far beyond friendly. To bad, you could have earned a new customer. [SEP]
4	this place. selection of beers, ($3 per beer) hour, atmosphere and walking distance to the Light Rail. Some nights they have live music which isn't always to my taste but I that they provide a venue for local artists and musicians on of everything else. On First Fridays it's packed (so or depending on your feeling about crowds - I avoid it those nights) but on other nights ... it's just a very and place to out. Sometimes parking is kind of to find. [SEP]
3	It's the kinda place where you're certain the employees don't spit in your food.Best Taco Bell I've been to. [SEP]
5	Cartel is my go to coffee place. If I could drink here everyday, I would. The barista who seems to always be working sunday mornings makes the lattes that I've ever had, ever. Each one always has a little heart or leaf shaped on the which obviously is their secret as to why they're so delicious. I've never gotten anything else because I've already discovered the best. If you're cool, you probably to out here on the reg. I definitely recommend, coffee in Tempe by far. It's a little to find if you've never been before, off university on ash across from the circle k. [SEP]
4	Carly's is a little restaurant with a atmosphere. My friends and I started off with the Feta Rosa and it was a start! delicious- I even added some to my sandwich because I couldn't get enough! I had the pear sandwich with orzo salad as my side and every bite! Yummy pear, pruschetto, and cheese perfection!Carly's is definitely checking out. It has food and a atmosphere to boot! [SEP]
3	The service we had was good, food was alright, the prices seemed high. Just a sports bar. never going to again. [SEP]
4	menu which includes the traditional satay, tom yum koong, curries, pad thai etc. What threw me off was teriyaki, and chicken, kung pao, chow mein. Food is with portions! Careful on the heat scale. 10 is blazin...Weird thing....I was really thirsty after the meal. Usually that's the result of using the other type of SaLt. Overall the place is clean, modern, and staff are attentive. Curries are 10 bones, rice at 9, and most entrees at 9 bones! Price is a buck plus more than our So Cal places. Give it a try, food is good, and service is fast. Damm..I need to drink another bottle of soda!!!. [SEP]
1	As I myself, I'd go back again to try it again. Yyyeeaahhhh...sooooo....the food is still not good. I got the mongolian beef and it's wha? really? is this IRL? I'm a chinese food kind of a fan, this restaurant, I'm not a fan of. [SEP]
5	If you are staying in Phoenix for any length of time, this is a must stop for at least a cocktail. From walking through the kitchen, to being seated in a booth, this is quintessential gastronomic delight. Durant's is an icon and legend. Period. Wine list is great, have a well-versed sommelier also. I never order Filet, but when in Rome... [SEP]
5	Yeah, yeah, I know there are already fifty-something reviews for this place, most of them four or five stars, I don't care. Here's one more, another twig on the bonfire celebrating Richardson's awesomeness...The food's the same New Mexican cuisine as Dick's Hideway around the corner, but eating here is a totally different experience. The pueblo interior with Native American rugs surrounding the high-backed booths provides a deal of privacy for you and your party. I any and all of the seafood dishes - my favorites include the shrimp quesadilla and the scallops... OMG the scallops, so when I think about 'em they make me control and type text message shorthand OMG. Of course my friends constantly remind me that as much as I the food here, I can't truly it because I don't eat the meat dishes, which, according to them, are even better. And they're probably right. They usually are.Went with a group of 6 last week, which seems to be about as large as the booths at Richardson's can handle (for much larger groups there's a private room at Dick's). Service was and extremely efficient. Yeah, it can be a little pricy depending on what you order, but in my opinion, totally it. Sometimes you gotta splurge. [SEP]
5	I White Lion Tea. The company uses quality of everything!!!My favorites are Tuscany, Ginger Peach, Green Tea, White Ambrosia Tea as far as I have tried :) Everytime I opened a tea bag, I have to take a deep inhale from a tea bag. It's soooo as the tea taste.Thank you White Lion for having such products !!! [SEP]
5	The new Kale salad is to for! I this place! Every time we have lunch here it is busy but somehow the staff always finds us a seat! The food is always really and the speed in which you get it is amazing. This is the lunch place in the valley! [SEP]
5	The slices of pizza are cheap, huge, and very very good. I really don't have to say anymore. [SEP]
1	looking place with average food and service. Everything took forever and no one came by to see how we were doing. We literally watched our server going around setting tables and taking napkins off of empty tables rather than making himself to us. He wandered around from table to table in a completely unoccupied area of the restaurant the majority of the time we were there. The food was luke-warm and nothing special. I was only here once so I to be so down on the place, but based on the other reviews my experience sounds typical. Don't your money. [SEP]
5	I'd to give this place MORE than 5 stars!!!In Phoenix a few weeks ago I needed to planb a dinner for a group of 10. I thought about a few places and wanted to come here because of the view. (Get it? Different Point of View.....?) Anyway, while I did initially pick DPOV because of the view, I in with the service AND the menu.There were options for my group, and not one person left unhappy, or hungry. In addition, they seem to have a pre-fix menu with a price tag if you're ballin on a budget. Everything was and it's definitely one of my restaurants in DC! [SEP]
3	Stopped in for some macaroons and coffee, the food and coffee were decent. The place itself was kinda dirty, on the floor, saw a couple of flies, and sat in an chair. [SEP]
5	multigrain sandwiches. patio too! [SEP]
5	Where to start???The owners are very kind... say hi to Benny in the kitchen!!!My wife and I found this place while living in the culinary-void NW Valley of Phoenix, and we have eaten here probably 50 times over a 3-year period. Everything is good:GryosChicken PitaSouvlakiGreek Salads are probably one of the salads that we have ever eatenFries are always freshZatsiki sauce is stellarThe atmosphere is a bit void, but people don't come to 35th and Thunderbird for the atmosphere... they come for food at a price. [SEP]
3	I'm always when the staff knows nothing about their on-line specials. This time it was the Yelp ad. Luckily it was quickly resolved by the bartender this time which was refreshing. The place it's self is a generic bar. I just had a few drinks along with the Crab Cakes which were actually good. [SEP]
5	This is a dive away from all the Old Town BS. The jukebox is one of the I have heard in some time. They were playing songs I never heard of so I know I'm going to be in in the future by using Shazam to identify songs and then buying them from my phone!Anyway, just be sure you eat before you get there as this is all about hanging in a dive and having drinks. They have lots of beer and the bartenders are cool. If I lived closer I would out here much more...... [SEP]
4	Went to this location last week - was to go because although I waffles, and chicken, the idea of eating them together freaked me out. But my husband is a huge fan, so I decided to it up. I'm I did... Although I typically my waffles a little crispier than LoLo's makes them, the flavor was to for!!! And who doesn't some chicken! I know I do.... Try it! You'll it! [SEP]
5	little known secret- the golf course bar!!!! margaritas and a super-cheap hour. didn't mind watching the guys checking in after a long day of golfing, either! my bff and i were so to have stopped here after our day at the spa. [SEP]
4	I consider myself to have had a business lunch here a few weeks back. The food was excellent. Steak and potatoes just what a man wants! It was very done and finished with a 3 berry cheesecake. the moolah! [SEP]
5	We recently took a weekend getaway to Phoenix and stayed here. The Hotel is and our rooms were and very comfortable. The staff here are topnotch. I the lobby wine & apple cider hour in the afternoons, and the lobby coffee & chocolate bars in the mornings. We had access to the Golds Gym across from the hotel and were able to get a workout in their cardio theatre. There is an outdoor skating rink outside and a small shopping/dining area. It is located across from the stadium and could walk to our event. I would definitely staying here, especially if you are attending an event at the arena. [SEP]
4	a experience. Not a place by any means but a neighborhood restaurant with staff and food. [SEP]
3	Angela, the Nurse practitioner, was great. baby had a gooky eye and we took her to this care office to see if it was Pinkeye so it could be treated early on. It was Friday and her regular Dr. was booked up. Angela said there was no Pinkeye but she had pus in her ears and had a minor ear so she prescribed antibiotics, amoxicilon I think. The only hitch was when the baby had her regular dr appointment the next week he said there was no so we were left to who was right. [SEP]
3	Was here for a KYOT Wine-Down-Wednesday event a couple of years ago. The bar area was packed. Stood around waiting for a table to open up- very as the area is small. I remember trying the New England clam chowder. Tasty, but it had too much potatoes and not clams. Had something else, but can't recall which, and the current menu online reflects a few changes. I do recall thinking I would to come back and have lunch or dinner there, so I'm giving it three stars. [SEP]
5	I can only add my gushing to the other reviews. Not only is the food (pork osso bucco, green chile and pecan/fig pie), but the ambiance and service really help make this place a standout. So many places have arrogant, service, so Scottsdale. Not so here. Also, the waitstaff had opinions about the food - which dishes are his and why. but atmosphere, prices, and a real from the staff (and a chef, who came to visit with folks that he knew who were sitting near us). The food is rich, but did not seem unhealthily so - not bathed in salt and heavy cream sauce. portion size, with a balance - meat, grains and veggies. So that Beckett's is in the neighborhood!(Oh - and no valet! I valet parking when there is an adjacent parking lot, and spots are only because the valets put their cones in the spots.) [SEP]
5	I had lunch there recently and was very with the food, service and value. I had a lunch special -- two cheeseburger sliders with potato fries. They serve the burgers with several pieces of lettuce, tomato and onion. We will definitely go there again. [SEP]
2	Uninspired. From the food to the staff, just another Chinese restaurant in the valley. I expected something better. [SEP]
3	Met a few friends here for hour. They had $5 martinis, but that's not what I ended up getting. They have a drink special everyday. That day they had the Walter Crankite, I think! It was an appletini with cranberry juice. We didn't order anything else. The service was great. Our servere was very attentive. [SEP]
2	Seriously the most burger I've had.... ever? On the level of a Burger king or the like. With tip I paid $15 for the burger and fries. What a - and they even managed to get the order wrong. A buffalo burger that had no buffalo sauce on it. When I told the waiter he made up for it by bringing a little cup of sauce. Oi... pathetic. [SEP]
4	Came here for dinner and sum. Dinner probably deserves 5 stars but sum was probably 3 stars, so I'll just average my experience to 4 stars. Food: Dinner: There's these dishes that are on sale now for less than $10 and most of them are clay pot dishes (which are DELICIOUS!). All the dinner items we ordered were AMAZING! Especially the green beans! Those were flavored and stir to perfection! I've had this dish many times at many different places and this was by far the green bean dish I've ever had! The clay pots were ALL amazing! Everything tasted SOOO GOOD! sum: Not sum items and the ones that did show up were only ok. We were sitting around for a really long time and nothing would come. When the ladies did come by with the carts, they would not even try to sell us anything. We had to be all and ask everyone what's in the carts. Even when we did that, the ladies would just say nothing new and push the cart away. We had to order things from the kitchen but even those things would take forever to come. A few of the sum dishes we ordered came AFTER we asked for our check and paid already. Service: Dinner: service! No there!Dim sum: REALLY SLOW...why was there no food??? Ambiance: This restaurant is in the middle of a food court of a shopping plaza. They just put up dividers to section off the restaurant from the rest of the food court. I was to eat at this place, but I'm I did because dinner was amazing! sum...that's a different story. If you get over the fact that you are really sitting in the middle of a food court, then it's not so bad. Price: Both dinner and sum items were cheap. Overall: I really eating dinner here! All the dishes were delicious! sum probably would have been if there was more food and the sum ladies were about showing us what was available. I would totally come again for dinner but maybe not sum. [SEP]
4	double-double, protein style, with pickles and spread only please. and a medium iced tea. in-n-out gets it. i my burger the way i it, and they don't mind serving it my way. they have never up my order. they have the iced tea, and wedges that aren't small. they pay their workers a wage, and you can tell - they're all and happy. me some yummy, eats and service with a smile! [SEP]
4	CARLOS O'BRIENS IS MEXICAN FOOD! for yelling but I nearly dropped my phone when I started reading reviews from people expecting Irish fare.I've been eating at Carlos for 22 years or so. I remember being quite young going to the 12th Street and Northern Location.They have, hands-down, the Pollo Fundito Chimi I have ever eaten, and boy have I eaten my share. 5 starsTheir chips and salsa are also always fresh. The chips get also 5 stars. Always and hot. Their mild salsa is very mild and watery. Not my style but it fresh. I mix the in with the mild which form me.Shredded beef tacos are also 5 stars. 'em.Fried ice cream is also yummy. I'm not a guy so I won't attach stars to them but yum yum.Other tips are to come at hour. deals. Lunch specials and portions are just also.Carlos O'Brien's is a place that just gives me knowing that it is there when I need it. I spend so much time trying new places, especially mexican, that this old tends to get skipped because the closest one is 15 miles from the house.Why only 4 stars? Only because there are more places Los Dos and Rosita's Place that get 5.I'll be back. I always will. Next time sooner than later. That darn Fundito calls my name. [SEP]
5	One of my sushi places in the Valley. place to take someone who has never tried sushi or still is of what they like. place to take someone who sushi but is indecisive. Some of my favorites include the spicy shrimp/crab roll, Phoenix roll, and their squid salad. Plus - you can't beat the Vegas roll - $1.50 for 3 pieces? It's a steal! Definitely one of the more sushi places in the Valley! [SEP]
4	We were in Phoenix this past weekend for a wedding and wanted a low key, fun, yummy mexican feast before heading for a night out on the town.Los Sombreros was to us by the concierge at our hotel and it was great! We sat on the adorable, sparkly light-lit patio and stayed with the help of two heaters. The place was busy but not too loud. The margaritas were huge and as can be and made just the way we em! We shared an order of guacamole - i was slightly since other yelpers RAVED about it - i thought it was standard, a little than just OK. Both of us ordrerd the chilaquiles (he shrimp, me chicken) and they were although it would have been if our server told us that each dish was a legit 10 lbs! We EASILY could have split!we had such a time, the service was good, food was and the patio was a backdrop for a casual, albeit meal. [SEP]
5	I'm sure that Palee's Crown is the Thai place I have ever been to. The service is always great, and the Owner comes out to talk to us whenever we are there.The food is so amazing, I have never tried something that I at all. I especially the Pad Thai and the Currys. I am always full and completely by the time I leave. I also trying the Thai Iced Tea to drink if you are me and drinks, and for dessert be sure to get the coconut ice cream. Don't make about trying to spend less money or that you are being careful about what you're eating, just try it.The prices are and if you're not sure what to try, stick with a curry but remember that Asian spices are very distinct, and very spicy. [SEP]
5	We found Ippei happhazardly through United Airline's dining points program and were hooked. We now frequent the place at least once or twice a week.A atmosphere with a very and welcoming host, Michael. It has all of the ambiance of a very place, without the attitude and feel. The wait staff are all very and pleasant. The drinks are creative. And if you're lucky, the owner may join you in a sake bomb, though he insists this is not Japanese tradition.I'm not a huge sushi person and was mainly brought along by my friends, so I can't comment on all the touches on the sushi and whatnot. I can say, however, that if you ask really you may be able to try a roll that the chefs are working on that is not yet on the menu, including a rib-eye roll that is absolutely and to those of us that shy away from sushi because of the whole raw fish deal.Prices are very reasonable. This is an up-and-coming spot that is still quiet, but not for long. Come now before you have to about getting a reservation a week ahead of time. As it is now, you can just walk in.Great place to bring a date - low lighting, service, food, lots of fun. [SEP]
5	Very with and old fashion cinema atmosphere. Snacks are very so if popcorn and soda are a must for you, expect to spend alot of money. The reclining seats are it though. I definitly Cinemark 16 as the place to go to watch movies! Also there are alot of eating places next to it or within walking distance to do the dinner and movie date night! [SEP]
3	While in Phoenix for about 36 hours, I lunched at Hooters twice. It was easily located across from my hotel and it was a weekend, which meant I could catch both the collegiate and professional football games as as playoff baseball. I take Hooters for what it is, food, a restaurant that caters to men, and always has a game on. This in mind, I didn't anticipate anything other then a beer and something to eat.I sat at the bar both times and the bartender, Brittany was extremely and made a point to learn (while IDing) and remember everyone's name-- which I thought was a touch. She was always to change channels to make sure everyone's game was being aired which was as well. They have a football special-- 10 boneless wings with all you can eat fries for $5.99 during any football game. The $3.50 25oz beers were a deal as well. It was for me to see a kid's birthday party in the restaurant on Sunday, but to each their own. [SEP]
4	In the mood for a little snack? this is the place. Don't remember what I ordered (my indian friend me), but it was good! and also try desserts!! [SEP]
4	We had a first visit here for brunch. They have a brunch menu with traditional breakfast items with a twist, lunch items, and great-sounding desserts. Our party had the sunflower salad, bacon and eggs, steak and eggs, the hummus platter, and the potato chips. Everything was quite and very fresh. We really the potato chips - not at all, just potato flavor with a hint of seasoning. We'll be back to try some of the other menu items. atmosphere and small dining room which makes it and cozy. we had the table next to the kitchen doors which was the only part. Bussers and waiters would come flying out of the kitchen and then stand inches away from me with load trays of food trying to figure out what table they were going to. The water refiller seemed especially hungover as he literally stood next to my arm for 3 minutes trying to figure out who needed water. They should put a divider between that table and the kitchen. Also bar service was - 15 minute wait for 2 mimosas. Waiter apologized but still...overall a experience. Big fan of the atmosphere and menu. Can step up the service a bit. [SEP]
5	This is one of our pizza places - for the food, value, drinks and atmosphere! I originally discovered them at the Scottsdale Culinary Festival, and am so I did!It is in a location, walking distance to a bunch of bars so it's a place to start the night in Old Town. My husband and I's thing on the menu is the margarita pizza. The crust is so and perfect! As for drinks, Jac's has a really cocktail menu, and also a wine selection. Our favorite: the ONEHOPE Cabernet Sauvignon. Affordable, smooth, and that half of the profits are donated to charity.Definitely check this place out, you'll it! [SEP]
2	I wasn't feeling RnR at all! We don't usually venture into Scottsdale for many reasons, but the siren song of a non-pretentious late night eatery was just calling to us. Unfortunately, non-pretentious doesn't apply to the prices. We came shortly after opening day, so I completely forgive the service, the place was packed. I was though when we were told they were only going to be serving sandwiches and burgers, nothing else, even though we were specifically told that this place would have breakfast all day. Breakfast is what I wanted. Oh well. We ordered the burger and got some mini corn dogs as an appetizer. The mini corn dogs left a lot to be desired. They were served with plain ol' ketchup and plain ol' yellow mustard. Yuck. The corn dogs were only okay. The breading around them was way too bread and it was just in flavor. The burger was enormous. Unfortunately, what it any flavor. I guess what it in flavor it was making up for in size. The bacon that came on it was equally huge, roughly 2 inches wide and at least 8 inches long... (that's what she said! Ohhhh!) Anyway, I was obviously not impressed. We might come back sometime, because their breakfast really does sound wonderful, but hopefully they've figured out how to serve a busy restaurant by then. [SEP]
5	I saw the review below and just thought it was ridiculous. RIDICULOUS. Elderly people here or volunteer. You expect customer service that you'd receive at a high-end store. No. People and their things that are usually in condition are donated and are resold at really prices. No, the people there will not be making sure you're finding everything okay, you're on your own... and that's how it should be when you're thrifting.I usually find things. Glasswares, books, shoes, purses. They have furniture that is so cheap. They have many half off days and various sales throughout the week.Just make sure you go on a weekday or Saturday and before 2pm.. all the stores in this plaza close at 4 and are closed Sundays. [SEP]
5	Move over Maizie's you've been replaced...for brunch that is. I have a tradition with a few of at least once a weekend going to Maizie's for their brunch and getting smashed. Oh, and we eat a little too.Everything changed this weekend though when we went to Postino on Central for their brunch debut. The food was so good, that we actually forgot to drink. Did you hear me?? FORGOT TO DRINK!!Since it was our first time there, we ordered a of options. I had the Country Toast, which was toasted MJ Bread, topped with Italian Ham, Gruyere Cheese, and a sunny-side up egg. Ho-ly shit. Each bite became increasingly than the last. It was the bite over and over and over again. The ham had a little spice to it, the gruyere cheese had an intoxicating tang to it, the egg was, well, an egg, and the toast really brought it all together incredibly. And it was huge. I barely got through half if it before I had to give up.My brunch date got Postino's take on French Toast. To be honest, I am not huge on sweets first thing in the morning, however I would have bathed in this french toast. It was creamy, not overly sweet, and literally melted in my mouth.I ordered a White Bellini at the beginning of our meal per norm and while it was with actual puree in the bottom of my champagne flute, I completely ignored it after the first bite of my meal. Me. Ignoring anything in a champagne flute. I know.I feel a bit the blase housewife who just on her husband for the first time with the pool boy, but I'm Maizie's, consider me shacked up with said pool boy every weekend in the early hours from here on out! [SEP]
5	This place is home. [SEP]
5	These guys are great!I Even though they specialize in Mercedes, they never have a with my BMW X5. The owner, Charles, knows what he is doing and never tries to up-sell you on work. Mary (Charles' wife) is a really lady who always gives me a ride home and picks me up when the car is ready. While Aurohaus doesn't have loaner cars the dealership, they are extremely competent, trustworthy, and charge prices for their services. [SEP]
4	This is the place if you want to escape Arizona and feel a bit of wine country. place to spend a Sunday afternoon. My part is uncorking a bottle of wine, and ordering lunch to be eaten outdoors. So spring weather is the best. Buy a mini loaf of bread and try their olive oils and spreads...super appetizer at just $1.50 and the samples are free. They offer many sandwiches and the waffles with berries are to for. Looking forward to trying their pizza...on my next visit. Regardless of what you choose follow up with gellatto...yum or take home some olive oil cupcakes. and moist...but a little [SEP]
1	service - did nothing to our experience.On July 7, 2011, my date and I arrived around 6:30 pm, dressed and to a dinner without any financial limitations. We would have easily spent $250+.Instead, after an hour of being seated to review our menus we were never offered more than a cocktail.Tables around us were receiving quality attention by other servers...complete with the run down of the specials, house favorites, answering questions, etc. We, on the other hand, were to have our make server look at us, much less take us to the next step our level in our dining experience.When the table behind us, seated a 15 mins after us, received bread before we were, my date and I decided that was our tipping point and would not stay any longer.When our server came to ask if we were to order we informed him we would not be staying for dinner and would the bill for the cocktail.Never once did the server apologize, offer what he could do to make things right, etc. to say, we were stunned. The hostess thanked us for dining on our way out...again, we both gritted our teeth with frustration. However, later we discovered that after an hour of sitting in the dining room, we were there long to a meal. It's we never got the opportunity to, however.What did go was...we were seated and the cocktail server provided service. [SEP]
5	wow. this place is a gem. highly it if you're looking for a place to take a date or with some friends out in the patio over some wine. visited friends in the phoenix area over thanksgiving vacation and they took us here on a Saturday night. i dont know much about the chandler area but this place could easily any of the wine lounges here in san diego. as for food, our group ordered a bunch of the bruschettas, flatbreads and a couple sandwiches to share family style. we all all of it, i especially the fig chutney, that was absolutely amazing. from the sandwiches, the shrimp blt definitely out as my favorite. overall, everything was very and the service was great. as for the wine, selection. the staff was very in us pick out the bottle based on what we like. in fact, i think i found my new wine thanks to them. if you're a wino me, you'll this place. as for the ambiance, they nailed it. patio and decor. the attention to detail is definitely noticeable. very spot. ps. check out the door to their wine cellar, i want that in my house. it's gorgeous. [SEP]
4	Zipps is a rocking place with TV screens in all angles. The atmosphere is and this place really packs it in on game nights Monday Night Football. Smoking is outside because this place is around the Tempe border. The service is and the food is even better. Try the chicken tacos!Good times had by all!Check it out some time! [SEP]
4	for having grown their own food. product and [SEP]
4	This place has had bread since day one. Whatever else you walk out with is just a bonus. Actually, I have to say that the produce selection is getting noticeably each time I walk in. I still don't think it's quite for everyday shopping, but it's coming along well. [SEP]
3	Kashman's has food but you really have to gear yourself up for the owner (artichoke lady) and some of the mean, crotchety ladies that behind the counter. This is not a place to place your order by phone. They're always and short with you on the phone and then when you pick your order up, they get all out of shape because you have no place to stand and wait for your order. The guys and gals that bus are usually and very and the food is above average. If you're looking for food and a verbal lashing from the staff that there, then Kashman's is your place to eat!! [SEP]
5	Yum! selections and flavors! [SEP]
3	I really don't know how to rate Lolo's, because, frankly, this place me. It was only temporary, but I was definitely dead, heart stopped, for a five or six seconds. Lolo's is serious eats. So good, it was just painful. Literally. I really don't think I can return anytime soon. I know it's for the best.I'm nowhere near joking. [SEP]
4	Very and very Vietnamese food. value for the money and a with the local Vietnamese. The spring rolls were very tasty and came with a peanut sauce. They also provide many other typical condiments on the table to spice up your dish. I had the slice beef Pho and it was delicious! I'll be back. [SEP]
3	Zoe's get's a 3 stars b/c they have the raddest, most chocolate cake around. The part is it's only $2.00! The sized slice of cake totally makes up for the boring, albeit sometimes food. The chx kabobs are awesome, for two people. Comes with two huge scewers of chx, peppers, cherry tomatoes... over a bed of salad and rice pilaf. delish. The Gruben Sandwich is also a hit. FYI -- If you don't Feta, stay away from this place. They put it on just about everything. They trully believe in that old addage, Feta makes it Betta! [SEP]
2	many car washes they do what it takes to scrape by. I am still looking for a place that actually puts a little extra elbow grease into it. I am of being upsold on exterior waxes etc and they cant even take the time to vacuum my seats. [SEP]
4	I'll keep this and to the point, realistically, i'd give this place a 3.5Pros:*willing to accommodate food allergens- I've vegan, and lactose intolerant.*beautifully decorated restaurant, plated food.*the food is made to order, even the sauces.*I some of the touches in their food- my curry with peas, pumpkin, baby corn.*one of our companions asked for extra sauce and they very made moreCons:*Portions are small for the price. Everyone at our table of 9 ordered a separate entree, and no own was full, even the ones who got appetizers.*My throat was me, so I asked for some water, instead of iced, while I looked over the menu- they brought back water that was colder than room temp, without the ice and I was politely informed that this is what they had. But I how in the world they serve tea on the menu, if they don't have water in the kitchen. *Some of the veggies in my curry were undercooked (think aldente potato)All in all the flavor of the food was good, but 1 cup of rice and 1.5 cups of curry does not a 18 dollar entree make. You really are paying for the ambience and customer service.If i had a special occasion, i'd prolly visit here again, but when i'm needing a thai-fix, there are other places around town that have equally food, without the upcharge. [SEP]
4	Home to the Mariners and Padres Spring Facilities, Peoria Sports is a place to take in the action. I have seen a number of games here over the years. Most recently I saw a weekend game sitting out on the lawn. It does not get much than relaxing on the lawn, watching some baseball, hanging out with your friends, and getting some color in the 80 degree heat. The practical details: (1) there are a TON of food options. Maybe too many, if you believe in such a thing. Food of all kinds is everywhere. You can get all the standard ball park fare and some more exotic things, too, noodle dishes, sushi, fry bread, etc. (2) Ticket prices are - sit up close for 20 bucks on down to the lawn for 6 bucks. You can't beat it for getting up close to the action (3) Parking is only 5 bucks in the lot, which I think is really decent, but if you want to walk a little further you could find street parking across the street.BEST DEAL IN THE PARK: $9 for a 32oz. soda with refills. A large one is $5 and not as big, so if you get even two this is a deal. On the day I was there we filled the up three times and once more before we left. it.In short, if you're doing the Spring Training thing definitely come to Peoria. It's and one of the places to some baseball. You will want to keep coming back! [SEP]
5	If I could only eat at one place for the rest of my life, it would have to be at FnB. This is ultimate food for me - with the bulk of the menu highlighting local in-season organic vegetables from McClendon and other local farms. Charleen prepares dishes that pay the ultimate to the vegetable and the farmer with seasoning, contrast, balance and temperatures. Beyond vegetables, the housemade burrata was light as a and shrimp grilled to on the mesquite. Dishes at FnB are simple but often the dishes are the hardest to get as there is nothing to hide behind - ingredients have to be and of the highest quality and execution must be perfect. Charleen and her crew it out of the park almost every time.Service is professional, and friendly. Pavle and his team make you feel at home, which is the other reason why I would eat here everyday. [SEP]
4	Recently, I found myself in downtown Mesa looking for a place to sit an write a while while my son went to a concert - I had 4-5 hours to kill. I planned visiting one of the coffee houses within a 5 mile radius but my of familiarity with Mesa made that a prospect. Fortunately, I noticed Lo-Fi Coffee, which was literally part of the concert venue building, before I began my trek. Lo-Fi was a place that served coffee. But what made me a fan of Lo-Fi was the barista, an Air force vet who was and went out of his way to make me (they closed at 9 and he let me sit in until 9:30 - concert lasted until midnight). If I lived closer, or if Lo-Fi opened shop nearer where i live, I would go back again. [SEP]
4	This place is old school. i.e. you don't come here for the service, or the ambiance (especially since it's in a part of town). You come for the food. Come with a group of friends, whether for sum or a late night dinner. You need a group of people, I coming here when its just mean and three others. I to taste and sample lots of goodies. They have live seafood (a must in my book) where you can walk by and see what looks that day. Be and check it out! [SEP]
4	I this place...it's a little dark. I went in the middle of the day so there was probably more workers there than movie goers. And the staff looked actually.3 bucks ain't for a movie. I thought the place was and a selection of movies and refreshments. I come from a small town so even this theatre is an upgrade for me.For three dollars I will most definately be hitting this place more often. [SEP]
1	They served us rice. Average main dishes, not as flavorful. Not meat in the lamb dishes. Overpriced. [SEP]
4	Very with this World Market. The prices are for the wine glasses I've bought there (good selection too!). The wine is everyday wine, and priced reasonably. The help is always and courteous, and the food section---(well, I've been there at least 6 times, and I always seen to find something new in the food section!).The only reason I give it four stars instead of five, is the parking arrangement and it is not to get into its' parking lot.... I think the prices here ae than Pier One....By far! [SEP]
3	Taberna and Ninfa's are owned by the same restaurant group out of Houston. Is it a coincidence that the FTR for Taberna is by someone who has only reviewed both of these spots and gave each five stars? I think not.Here's my objective review:Taberna is in the Scottsdale Seville where Roy's used to be. They have a large outside patio that will be when the weather is nice.I ate lunch at the bar and chatting with the bartender. The menu is Mexican food. I the basket of chips they brought out to start. It came mixed with chips and plantains and two salsas.I also ordered the al carbon steak enchiladas. They were and spicy served with what I believe was a mole sauce.Overall the quality of the food was but a little expensive. I would come back, but it's not at the of my list. [SEP]
4	We had a fun, early dinner on the patio here at BoomBozz. The advertised hour specials appeared to be a very value; my was the pretzels & cheese. I also had the salad and it was - they don't skimp on the blue cheese! My son had the pepperoni pizza and even his discriminating palate was very happy. A blonde draft (for me) and ice cream (for him) us off and we left full & happy. [SEP]
3	I had lunch here and had the sashimi tuna salad. It was and tasty. I also ordered the miso soup which was actually quite good. Real chopped mushrooms and scallions and it wasn't too salty. It didn't taste standard powdered miso that you would get at an average japanese restaurant. I also tried the cucumber lemonade which was quite good. Overall the service was and our food came out promptly. My coworker had the seared tuna sliders and potato hash which he looked with. The portions were for what we were in the mood for which was just something really light. It's a place for lunch, the ambiance is especially if you're sitting on the patio. I'm not a huge fan of fusion style restaurants so it gets a 3 star rating out of me, but it's a place for a quick meal if you're in the area. [SEP]
5	Two weeks after I dropped off my computer for service with the Geek Squad I got it back with a new screen and hand rest. They said 3 weeks and I got it in two!!! And the open-box computer I purchased to use while mine was in the shop was returned with no problems. I was so we purchased a new Toshiba DVD player for $40. Who knew that DVD players could be so cheap? I've been using it all day and it beatifully. [SEP]
5	i'm not a vegan or a vegetarian, i thoroughly my teeth into a thick juicy piece of medium-rare steak. and i eggs in the morning and chicken tacos at 2am. i am also very hesistant to try anything the attempts to substitute for meat, because i think it's just psychologically strange. BUT ever since my friend turned me onto green about 2 years ago, i've had nearly everything on the menu. and never been or grossed out by anything.my favorites: number one absolutely has to be the mexi-cali burger. i could eat these everyday. it has the flame-broiled taste of a real burger and even the red color of raw meat, but don't let it you out. it also comes with hummus, orange nacho cheese, and chipotle sauce. this burger is SPIIICCYYYY so beware. their fries are crispy and seasoned. also their soy ice cream treats, soy-namis, my being the raisin with captain crunch. their lime-ade, lemon-ade, and teas are always and delicious. i also the diablo red bowl which is another dish for spicy-lovers and comes with roasted eggplant (yummmm) and tomatos. their pita chips and hummus are to for. they're crispy chips which i than just a regular pita being served with hummus. and their buffalo wings are almost as as the real thing.green nails vegetarian and ups of american food on the head. [SEP]
4	I PITA JUNGLE! Why aren't they in Chicago?! this meat-lovin city! Let's try something different...Anything I've had here was remarkable, and I've tried a couple of different Phoenix-based locations, so they're doing something right. Try the jalapeño hummus for a spin to a Greek dish, and if you're really hungry, I highly any of their lavosh pizzas. My though? The Chipotle Chicken Lavosh Pizza, of course! It is and mouth-watering.I deduct 1 star solely for the fact that their parking lot is VERY inconvenient and way too crowded. [SEP]
4	the veggie rolls ! Also, the saki bombs are quite =) [SEP]
5	Contrary to the reviwers below...I Matt's. Yeah the wait is long...the place is small...once I went in the summer and I was sweating in my coffee...BUT....This is Phoenix people. When the breakfast choices are a tasty meal at Circle K (heated under heat lamps) or Denny's and IHOP, you can't beat Matt's. I breakfast. I eat breakfast everywhere I travel on business. I have never had a breakfast than at Matt's. ingredients, food, bread and jam...kick $ss hashbrowns.I wish the place was bigger (and cooler) and the wait not so long. But as a special breakfast treat...you can't beat it. Just bring your own fan. [SEP]
4	Ate here kind of on New Year's Day, and it was great! I was looking for a hangover solution and the food here really hit the spot. selection of breakfast items and service. The southern that I had was delish. The coffee flowed as as the wine had on the previous evening, so I walked out of Scott's to face the new year (right after the nap that I planned). Also, sitting outside was some of the most people watching I had experienced in years. [SEP]
5	For the past ten years (ever since FunSports occupied the same unit), this place has been the one-stop shop for my biking needs. From BMX at age 13 to road cycling in adulthood, SMC usually has what I'm looking for. The prices don't really compete with larger chains Performance, but they are and the service more than makes up for the difference. When I was getting into road cycling, the guys at the shop were very with selection, fit, and pricing. A+! [SEP]
4	My place for Sum! I have been going to Sum since I was a kid with my Asian mom. I especially this place because it serves alot of shrimp dishes, and thats what my family loves. I usually go on a sunday. It can be a long wait, but I never had to wait more than 20 minutes for a table. The grounds are fun, there are a few places to see..like the koi pond out back and the bridge and gardens. I have been to San Francisco's china town for sum and this beats it! The only thing is, sometimes you have to wait for something you to come around, and by then it isnt as piping hot. Especially if your seated on the outskirts of the dining area. [SEP]
4	Some buddies and I went to Scottsdale for a golfing boondoggle last week and a couple of guys in the know directed us to The Mission.DANG!We let our server, Jonathan, drive the car so to speak. He quizzed us on our and and brought us our orders (we didn't specifically order). We had 7 people in our group and every plate was spot on. We started with the chicken (thigh) tostadas and the crispy cola pork belly tostadas. They were great; particularly the pork belly ones. MAN were those good. My dinner was the Chorizo Porchetta which brought a big hunk of cooked pork that shredded beautifully. Along side this hunka hunka porky was a salt block carrying 10 small corn tortillas to build little tacos from. Some tasty accompaniments: sauce, onion, & cilantro, finished the presentation. It was a dish. The other 6 dishes were just as great. To note: the honey chipotle grits that my buddy got were tasty. Especially when you some of their ghost chili sauce (forget what it was called). was the Pumpkin bread pudding (YUM!) and bananas. All in all, a place. Really good. [SEP]
1	Not lesbian/gay at all. I should have read the previous review before going. [SEP]
4	Whole Foods location overall... The workers are very and attentive, and the food selection is good! Not the biggest Whole Foods I've ever been to, though. [SEP]
5	I'm almost to tell you about my sushi place because it's already busy... But oh well. I Sakana. It's a restaurant, I don't feel I have to get all dressed up to go there. Don't let the fact that it's in a strip mall turn you off, inside is small, but nice. Their sushi chefs are always very professional and keep their bar very clean- that's so when dealing wih sashimi. We've taken a lot of people to Sakana and it has never disappointed. We have tried almost all their special rolls and their sashimi too. Their service staff are and sweet. I've never been disappointed.Now....stay away...cause I don't want to wait for a table.... [SEP]
1	We used to go to this UPS store quite frequently and had been with their service, but it has been at least a year since we regularly patronized the place. However, we had a really unprofessional experience here recently. We went there for rotary services for purchase of home which one employee to do and handed off to another employee (because as she under her breath, notary services were a pain). This employee could not help us either as he had never seen anything it, and he didn't know want to have anything to do with something that had power of attorney on it. I guess we are one of the first people around here to sell a home. While we waited for this man to do something, the employee who handed off our paperwork, tried and to scan a document to email and was quite verbal and (sorry) hickish about these machines. After looking at all was going on, we didn't want anyone here handling our notary services. Eek - felt we dodged a bullet. Also, don't think I will be going there for any other services. I felt my IQ dropped 20 points when I went in there. [SEP]
5	Another place that is really and makes you forget you are in a large city! I really the Botanical Gardens and I am totally not into flowers or botany! We had been to DBG once before for Luminarias, but it was so that we couldn't see much. I'm we returned in the daylight.We took my inlaws yesterday after brunch and they absolutely DBG. My father-in-law is totally into photography, so DBG was for him. We saw tons of people with cameras, so it is a photographer's haven. I really had no clue there were so many types of cactus. There are hands on activities scattered throughout (probably for kids on field trips) and boards with information, which comes in on the Sonoran Trail when you want to figure out which mountain in the distance is Camelback, Piestewa, Four Peaks, etc. We saw little lizards, hummingbirds, quail, and ground squirrels while wondering around as well.There is much to see and you can get through the gardens as quickly or as leisurely as you would like. We spent about two and a half hours there, which I think is a amount of time. You see everything and are to leave by the end. A very place to take visitors on a day. [SEP]
5	I indulged big time at Burgers & More during Tuesday yesterday. There are a tremendous variety, including many options such as a turkey or veggie burger. The part I is that you can build your own burger with all sorts of yummy toppings. I had the turkey burger, and the turkey was one of the I have ever tasted. Sometimes you can taste of the meats and parts, but I felt this burger was very and lean. I would highly the potatoe fries that you can order. You can deep those fries in what tastes a marshamallow dip. The price is not too either for what I call a burger. [SEP]
5	Bosa Donuts at Southern and Mcklintock in Tempe is part of a strip mall that I have been visiting since I was just a kid. Except, back then, Bosa Donuts was a Taco Bell. A few years back Taco Bell moved a half mile down the road into a new building and Bosa Donuts set up shop. About a year ago I discovered another new store in this strip mall which is Games, an video game store. For this entire last year I've been driving past Bosa on my way out of the after visiting Games and taking a curious look as I drive by but until this week I had never tried it. After reading all the Yelp reviews, I had to give it a go.Well, first off, It's 24 hours, which is huge in my book since I'm almost always up until four or five in the morning. The drive through display is lighted and shows their menu but you have to actually order by pulling up to the window. Since I was there at 3am I asked what was at the moment and the guy was very and with listing off what he had available. I just got a few frosted donuts (or raised, as they call them) and was on my way. off the bat, I noticed the box was heavy. I only ordered a half dozen but it felt at least as heavy as it does when I get a dozen at Dunkin Donuts. When I got home, I opened the box and realized their donuts are at least thirty percent bigger than Dunkin Donuts of Krispy Kreme.Anyway, the donuts are awesome. tasting donuts I've ever had. I probably shouldn't make it a habit to come here twice a week, if I want to live past forty, but I'll definitely be stopping by once or twice a month from now on. Hope this place sticks around. [SEP]
4	Still a fan. I'm one of the staff even remembered my name and my last purchase on a return visit. [SEP]
2	Summary: not impressed.Arrived early afternoon, maybe that was the - there wasn't going on, place was dead. I would have hoped that a restaurant manager would realize that the few customers they may have at a time are just as as those on a Friday night rush - standards are standards, you either have them or you don't.Waitress was but not - with a total of 3 occupied tables had to get up and get her attention for more chips. Chips though were very good; needed hotter salsa.My friend had the steak fajitas; tasted OK but just luke warm. Fajitas are supposed to be sizzling hot; duh.I had a so-so tamale and chicken enchilada. Enchilada was just warm, mostly a flat layer of cheese. Tamale filling was tasty shredded meat (as it should be) but corn meal was barely and almost tasted only partially cooked. Refried beans weren't to even melt the grated cheese sprinkled on top, which consequently then pulled off in a single congealed mass when I took a bite. Finally, the Cadillac margaritas were just average at best. $50 plus tip for two meals plus two margaritas; not it.The place looked and has a patio area but we won't be back - someone's not watching the store. I'm trying to be with the two stars as some other Yelpers seem to this place; maybe things can get better. [SEP]
5	We went there before my Grandma's 100th birthday. There were about 20 of us. The place was busy but we called ahead and they put our name in even though we still didn't have a final count of people. The place was busy but I know why. EVERYONE had a different dish and we all it. Everyone wanted to taste each others food because we all it so much. We all seem to think we are food and we this place. Extensive menu and they seemed to nail everything we had! The staff was and would go back in a heartbeat! [SEP]
5	Definitely the choice of eating chinese food in the city where you have Asian food around. The Singapore street noodle (curry noodle) is always been my and the crab wonton is just a appetizer to start! I also their orange beef! Definitely to eat for! [SEP]
5	You want a piece of me? said the gargantuan mango tango eggees cup. I said YES, I DO! and give me a big ol veggie samich and some fries to go with my brain you very much. Todays order is same ol same ol 12 inch whole wheat extra veggie grinder with extra crispy fries and a bigee flavor (mango tango) $6.50 w/ the captain card. How can you beat this kind of for two people. you cannot.It was Yuuuummmmae!Unfortunately there is not much choice for vegan here but its all about the eegees!I now will add eegees to vegan for the money! and to far away vegan. Check it! you will be you did!Review timeCurbage: 10 I really the shmancy new eegees,but I all eegeesP factor: 10 very as usualOrdering: 10 no wait at allMeal arrival: 10 even with extra crispy fries it was fastTaste test: 10 yummy today and the mango tango is now my second to cherry ciderSummary: 10 you eegees! see you next month.Late gordo [SEP]
3	food at a price. lunch specials in a atmosphere. [SEP]
5	I was also roped in with a flier on my door, and ordered this a month or so ago when they had their deal for cookies, salad, and drink with a pizza order. Upon delivery, I was given another coupon for the same deal and a few weeks later received a handwritten you note for ordering with them and a coupon for a order of bread, no purchase necessary. to say, this has become a go-to pizza option for me. 4 stars for food taste and quality, an extra for service and deals.Salad is average but for me with a pizza, pizza is particularly good, cookies are awesome, bread is but not just a pile of melted cheese. Their sauce is really tasty- tastes and not too sweet. Delivery is free, and on time. The longest time I've been quoted for a pizza (at 7:00 on a Saturday) was 45 minutes, and they got there in 23 minutes (I wasn't timing them but I did notice how quick they got there). They have a hot'n'ready special that's only a dollar more than Little Sleazer's and ten times better. And if you don't think it's good, you get your money back. So really, you should just try it. Okay? Okay. [SEP]
3	First I want to Hula for saving my date night. We headed out for Postino Central for their wine and bruchetta special on a Tuesday and were to find out there was an hour wait. So we headed up central looking for an alternative. I saw Hula and remembered I've wanted to try it for while, so that's where we ended up. I started with a blood orange martini and potato fries. The martini was awesome, but I have to say the fries had potential, but they weren't crispy. For dinner I had the Jamaican tofu. It was flavorful and the corn cakes and plantains that came with it were a addition. The meal was good, the service was and the overall ambiance was yet urbane. It wasn't the place I've ever been, but I'll definitely go back. I that there are several vegetarian options to choose from, so I'm to see how the other entrees turn out with tofu. [SEP]
4	this place is growing on me. i wasn't a big fan at the beginning thinking they cater to the yuppy crowd that wants to be seen. i still think that's the case, but i think people truly go for the atmosphere and food. the vig cobb is really tasty and you just can't go with potato fries...my weakness! the interior is really and and the vibe is casual and friendly. lunch hour tends to get a little busy, but they have a amount of seating for such a small place. [SEP]
2	I so wanted to this place. I'd heard things about the food, the concept and was looking forward to a experience. What a disappointment. We were seated within 20 minutes or so of arrival, which was considering the crowd. It was to have somewhere to walk around, and we were able to serve ourselves tea and coffee while we waited. Once seated, however, it took 20 minutes for anyone to take our order, and another 45 for the food to come. Our food arrived cold. Husband and I both ordered eggs over medium; mine were runny and undercooked, his were and scaly. Home fries were a mound of mushy, under-seasoned potatoes. We were offered when the food came, but the waitress never returned with it. My husband asked one of the other staff if they had any jam, received a curt, yes as a reply, but they didn't offer to help in any way. For the prices (average $10 plus $2.25 for a self-serve drink), I can think of many places I'd rather spend my dining dollars. Yes, the grounds are and I that most of the food is from local suppliers (which does not mean it was raised on THIS farm, BTW), but there are many patios in Phoenix with much food and service. [SEP]
5	yet again! Pho, garlic green beans, papaya salad...they can do no dish wrong. The owner, Justina, is hip, cool, and awesome! It's BYOB so bring a wine or beer...no corking fee so don't forget to tip well!If you're eating and there's a big line of others waiting, please do what we do and go across the street to gelato so that other people don't have to wait an hour. [SEP]
4	One of my boutiques in Scottsdale, I can always find something I don't need but have to have at Elan. Lisa and her entire staff are friendly, helpful, and always have suggestions. They keep the inventory and edgy. Some of the pieces I've gotten there never to get compliments. It can be a little pricy, but everything I've gotten there is and things I'll wear again and again so... Lisa puts on some events and really engages with her customers. [SEP]
3	For vegan fare, it's passable. I the food, but not totally in with it. The teas were the though, and didn't have any dessert but it sounded amazing. [SEP]
2	I really Joe's; the food and service was always good. But one experience has me wondering if I will ever return. The I had was with the service. We walked in on a weekday around 11, the place was packed and there was only one server on the floor. We grabbed a table and waited about 10 minutes before she came over with water. We told her were to order, to which she replied I am really busy and have other people who need to order ahead of you. In my 16 years as a chef, I have never heard a server say that. She didn't even offer to bring us coffee or anything. If anyone from Joe's is reading this, here's a little course in restaurant 101...if a customer says they're to order, TAKE THEIR ORDER! Anyway, we ended up walking out. Guess we'll be eating exclusively at Matt's Big Breakfast from now on. [SEP]
4	Aww, too these guys went out of business. I actually only went there one time, I live in Chandler, so it's just a little out of the way. But I stopped through the drive-thru and thought if I lived near-by this would be my coffee place. Whoever took my order that day was very friendly. [SEP]
5	Marcellino and Sima are finally back after their yearly 1 month Italy vacation (re-opened September 10th)....and are we they are back! We had a duo appetizer: fig and prosciutto and the second was a filet (carpaccio) with shaved mushroom and black truffle! Delicious! I've always been a fan of prosciutto and melon, but the fig was tremendous!Marcellino also brought us a black truffle cream for his crusty bread, mmmm, amazing. I don't think you can get this anywhere (fresh), even here if you ask for it, but we were to be in the place at the time!Pasta duo was tortellini with even more truffles and a boar pappardelle. hand made pastas anywhere. Perfect!Main course was a cooked filet with his potatoes and julienned vegetables...and more truffles! So right...so full! I'm so we had an hour spinning class before embarking on this journey!We ended up skipping and had some left over to go! What a Italian dinner paradise!We can't wait to go back for opera night...and of course we are waiting for his next wine dinner. in the valley. [SEP]
5	When I found out that they do banquets here, I was quick to make a reservation for a wedding rehearsal dinner. The service was as as it gets...period. The food choices my wife and I had to decide on were plentiful, and the result was beyond fantastic! From the appetizers, to the main courses and finishing with yummy dessert...this place rocks. [SEP]
4	Fun! If you're looking for some for your kids or you just need to get out some yourself, come here. the adrenaline release you can get by shooting at other people in a maze with your laser gun while trying not to get shot yourself. This place is great. :) [SEP]
5	Fez is down the street from where I work, hence due to its location + general fabulousness, it has become a regular spot for hour.Here's What we about Fez:-Sweet Potato Fries (sooo good--sprinkled with cinnamon by the way)-Kisra and Hummus!-The Black Bean Burger (the first time I ordered it, I asked the server: Now, is this one of those really black bean burgers or does it actually taste good? She said, I totally know what you mean, no this one is good.-and she was right!)-Margarita Mondays (aka 2 for one Margaritas--check out the pomegranate one!!)-The atmosphere--blue and green tones while still being warm-The service-The close proximity to light railHere's what we don't as much:-The service (sometimes it gets kind of bad, I feel you have to be an active restaurant goer and down your server--otherwise you may never get to order, get more water/another drink, or get your check)-When hour ends (I mean, who that anywhere?)Fez makes me very to in downtown Phoenix. [SEP]
4	We stopped in here on a summer afternoon, because we had been on a goose chase for mint. Couldn't find it anywhere, Fry's, Basha's, or TJ's, even in those teeny tiny little packages. They have it here in big bunches for something 59 cents. Since we had friends coming over for mojitos, this made me happy! It's just about mojito season again, so I'll be headed back to this location. The produce section was large and had some good-looking stuff in it. The location isn't really too scary. [SEP]
3	Average Cajun food, nothing special. I came here late on a Tuesday night. Few people there. It's a dive of a place in a strip mall. A bluesman was playing blues on an electric guitar...very nice. Kinda scruffy place with all the basic Cajun staples. Nothing fancy. brews. I think the bar was waiting tables. I probably won't be back, but I had heard it was and wanted to try it. I think I more digs and fancier/pricier fare. [SEP]
3	I decided to give this place a whirl yesterday on my lunch about 5pm from the space was open airy the staff from front of the house to The wait staff all were very linens on the tables as as linen napkins the only thing was the menu was a little the appetizer selection was fair. Hummus,tzatziki , served w/flat bread ,selection of olives a couple of pork belly selections I had the lamb burger I ordered medium it was served a more rare but was still the did offer some higher priced entrees and there were other selections of burgers and sandwiches thus the name gastro pub they had some beers on tap [SEP]
5	i go to debon every 3 weeks for aki the hairdresser. she's very and asks you a lot of quesitons to make sure you get what you want. she is priced. [SEP]
4	I just went here for lunch. I really have nothing to add to the other reviews on here because they much all sum it up. It gets crowded, the ordering process is a clusterfuk, they place looks and dirty, the staff is very and helpful, yada yada. The place isn't all the but definitely is a visit if you are in the mood for something unique. Its not the healthiest or highest quality cuisine, but it is a place and a shot.* Chicken = very good* Pollo Diablo = spicy and and my stomach is going to me later* Jade Red Chicken = excellent* Pork Rice = very good* Red Salsa Stuff = excellent* Refried Beans = standard* Snickerdoodle Cookie = [SEP]
2	A new player in the Downtown Phoenix food scene, is a creation by the folks behind the Fez, Switch, and Ticoz empire. They occupy a buliding once occupied by Fate and Nine|05, the former of which was one of my restaurants.Entering the restaurant, we were greeted with an of mildew and water, which isn't exactly a way to arrive into an establishment. Being the only ones seated in the small space, we were able to really examine it, and I noticed one glaring difference between the way they have it set up and the way it was set up; it feels a cafeteria. The installation of florescent lights, heat lamps, and massive amounts of steel in the open kitchen make this place feel a lunchroom at high school. Whatever, we can deal with it. An overview of the menu showed several options which seemed food... everything, cheese crisps, foot long dogs, slider burgers, tacos, grilled cheese, etc. Apparently food means deap grease? NO THANKS. I ordered the Braised Beef Tacos, which had the consistency of paste, but were average in taste. My biggest with this place is the microwave (not even a turbo chef) sitting front and center in the kitchen. Look, I understand that some restaurants use microwaves (usually not ones) in their kitchen, especially if it's a kitchen (which this isn't) but having it in plain view and in the dining room is just atrocious. I truly hope someone from the restaurant reads this and hides the thing. It made me completely my appetite when I saw them heating my girlfriend's rice for her chicken skewers in the microwave. yuck. She did mention she was neutral about her food. We are people who go out at least once a day for a meal and try a new place every time, so we know food. Everyone we encountered was nice, and the service was very friendly. Everyone seemed interested in how we our meal, the space, and they seemed interested in welcoming us back. Unfortunately, the place looks kind of makeshift on the ReBar side, and a cafeteria on the side. I'm not really sure why it looks makeshift, perhaps it is just because it looks a temporary wall in the back of the room, or because it looks so bare, but it looks they are in there just for the time being. I feel compelled to go here again but only for drinks out on the patio. The inside looks Mexico, the food wasn't very good, and the cafeteria/microwave much summed up this is not a place for a night out dining.I also find it how many reviews are by orange heads or people who were here for the vip opening. c'mon, try the place before you write a public review of it, and by try I mean eat some food, and actually experience it. [SEP]
5	This place was great... as as a doctors visit can be. They called us (my son was the patient) back within 5 minutes and immediately saw a doctor. She was kind and took her time - asked a lot of questions and did not diagnose and fully explained to us what was going on with my son's health. [SEP]
5	This is true personal training at a fraction of the cost. It's fast, convenient, & friendly! You choose the style of fitness YOU want, and your workout program will be designed specifically for YOU. And you will see your after each session. AWESOME!!! I it so much I'm going 6 days a week! [SEP]
3	This place is good. than average but not great. Fish fry on Fridays is ok if you DEEP fish. atmosphere lots of TV's.Uquiel Beer on Tap [SEP]
5	If you are looking for only raw vegan food, this is your place. Nothing is cooked, everyhthing is 100% raw. They offer a of options from appetizers, wraps, soups, pizza and pasta. They have freshly squeezed juices, smoothies and a of different health shots. The dessert is yummy as well. This is a must try! [SEP]
4	Sure it's walking distance from my house - so I was hoping I would have a new place for my morning tea. After finally re-opening after the fire on 16th and Bethany Home, I was to check out Luci's.The design of the the place is simple, sexy, a little and throw in some retro corner grocery feel. I was greeted with fun, service, and then left with a pastry and a tasty ice tea for the road. They seem to still be working out some kinks since the re-open, but I see it only getting better. In fact I just got myself excited. I think I am going to head over there now for my morning snack. [SEP]
1	This place is disgusting!! The bun was dry and stale. The veggie burger was yucky... I don't think I have ever had one I didn't before. The kids meals are miniscule. The topping bar is so simple and plain. The dips are not very good... cheese dip is YUCK! Drink choices stink. Cookies taste raw and boring. Almost forgot to add that the two young kids didn't even care for the french fries because they are seasoned. I thought they were a total of calories. I can't believe the prices either... so not or even what you pay for. [SEP]
4	Been there many times with many friends, not food but decent, fresh, local, organic at a price with none of the pretentions that one would associate with the whole organic/green mocvement in dining. That being said the food only gets 4 stars based on the price plus the 5 star brownies...food is above average but not by much, the atmosphere and price are what i most [SEP]
4	a visit. This is food, not people watching. Think: Colorado take on southwestern food. Ate: Pork Green Chili app. Grub. Little kettle of the stuff with four made tortillas that arrive folded in a white paper bag - hot. 4.7/5 for flavor, quantity, value, and presentation. Big Ass Burger. All made in house. Even the bun and fries. I don't think they keep the cattle there though. Burger was loosely packed, over-cooked, and a bit salty for my taste. But I am a critic. Jen thought it was average too. Also now $13 - was $10 6 mos ago according to other reviews. 2.75/5Huckleberry Bread Pudding. Whoa. a gooey berry muffin with Ice-Cream. Awesome. Jen thinks it might be her dessert of all time. 5/5We were a little when we saw all the snow-birds in their ivy caps and studded mom jeans. Turned out to be just - and the service was special for how priced everything was. Portions were serious - Jen and I shared everything and were stuffed. Can't imagine orgering your own app, entre, and dessert. No way. about the typos. It's out here in the Scottsdale sun by the pool... [SEP]
5	mouth watering food.Got the steak fajitas dinner....extremely satisfied. [SEP]
5	I that they are kid and that chef Aaron came by to ask how everything was. food. [SEP]
5	I cannot believe I am about to say this:AIRPORT FOOD IS GOOD.For any of you who eat in airports on a regular basis, you've surely come to accept the fact that airport food just sucks. It doesn't matter how much you spend: the bread is or soggy, meats are dry and tasteless, and forget veggies and fruits of any quality.I was just when I visited the Roadhouse at Sky Harbor recently. I had an hour before my flight so I ordered a Stella Artois and a french dip. I wish I'd had a camera to catch my expression when I bit into my sandwich. The bread was and warm. The meat was and tasty. The cheese was really good; no this was real cheese. And au jus? OMFG I almost freaked out it was so good! I couldn't wait to tell my server how surprised I was. She kinda laughed at me and said they get compliments on their food all the time. AT AN AIRPORT? Folks, this is the kept secret at Sky Harbor. I will make it a point to go out of my way to eat there in the future, even if my gate is in another termial!!This place is in the low B gates - try it and you won't it! [SEP]
5	food and service. the porcini rubbed delmonico. [SEP]
2	I used to be a HUGE fan of the breakfast club, even when I had to wait in the 100 degree heat with a hangover and now I am not. I have had the eggs Benedict, the breakfast burrito, and the Greek omelet and they are all and quite frankly taste the same, even with the red and green sauces on the burrito. I ate there again last weekend (because my boyfriend wanted to) and I had the lox and bagel, which was down gross. The salmon was the nastiest color and tasted almost as bad. The bagel, was well, a bagel, but not even a one at that. Next time I am in Scottsdale I will be going elsewhere for breakfast, I'll skip the wait and the food. [SEP]
4	This place is yummy. The service might not always be, but the food is. They have a bar and decor and a South West feel that isn't done with terra cotta colored paint and teal cacti pictures. I the Jelapeno Benedict and they have margaritas. And they serve brunch till late. [SEP]
4	I've always had a experience at Mojo in Tempe Marketplace. I have been to this location about 4 times and they always provide quality and value. My is the red velvet froyo. [SEP]
4	We really this place. I got the grande burrito with zuchinni & peppers i it which was really good. their carne asada and the prices were great. I wish they ha more on their dessert menu. Would home made churros! Staff was friendly. Would for sure go here again. Much than baja fresh, rubios, tace bell & most other mexican places around PHX that we've been to. [SEP]
5	One of my places to my tooth! I typically will get sorbet, and on this evening I decided to get the Raspberry sorbet. I believe that this Gelato Spot location has the ambiance of all the locations. After getting my sorbet, I sitting out on the patio. [SEP]
5	This was the first place my husband to me out to eat out when we started dating, OMG I it. The staff is always extremely at this location, we their food and I epically am in with the 99 cent margaritas they are the best. We always have a time here new and old memories. [SEP]
5	I am a transplanted Midwesterner, so I me some breakfast. And by breakfast I mean: Hashbrowns, sausage, bacon, pancakes, and biscuits and gravy. Mike and Rhonda's makes a mean breakfast with huge portions. For $7 you can have bacon/sausage/ham with hashbrowns, 2 eggs, and biscuits & gravy/pancakes/toast. Come hungry or share.They also serve american lunch fare: burgers, chicken strips, fries, meatloaf, etc. [SEP]
1	This is one of the franchise store of Ritz Camera in Chandler. The store's staffs are nice, however, their photo lab is leading. They make the price in very small fonts and hanging on the ceiling. For the first time user to print photos in the lab, I was charged for $45 for just few 4x6 and 8x10 print without sign-in as member. I asked for canceling order prior they print the photos. I was told Too late even it's still in one of their store pc for ordering prints. Since they are franchise, I should be able to return or exchange the accessories I bought for my Nikon D70S camera in different store. I was told No. I can only exchange or return to the stores I purchase them. I will not buy anything from them again. [SEP]
4	4 1/2 stars - really place! The decor is with artwork and flowers on every table, the service is and food is and delicious! There hour specials are as well! [SEP]
3	time to out at this gym is in the early morning. Went in the afternoon a few times and it's usually packed. This place has everything I need to out. (threadmill, weights, machines, basketball court, swimming pool, and sauna). Rarely do I see any of the machines out of order/ broken. Although the men's sauna bench was for maybe 2-3 months before they finally fixed it. [SEP]
1	I wish I could rate this place higher but my out is terrible. I asked for a blowdry with lots of volume and curl. It seemed that the cross between the mai-tai and cosmo would be perfect. My hair is than what I walked in with. My hair is curly naturally so has volume, but for some reason its flat! Also the stylist pulled my hair alot while dryng and apologized for me which I appreciated, but have never experienced with a blowdry before. I don't think I'll be coming back, since I the concept and the salon is lovely.Update: They offered me a make up out. I decided to try the place out again, thinking it was a fluke that my blowdry was so awful. Mistake! Not only was my second blowdry here mediocre, I ended up paying for the service. I wrote to their manager who had offered the blowdry, but no response. [SEP]
1	Well, I guess the bar is much lower in Flagstaff, as we went to their restaurant in Glendale for breakfast. It was less than mediocre. Starting with the coffee, which tasted awful..it was very and watching the waitress pour old decaffinated coffee into a regular coffee pot! Unacceptable. I had bacon and eggs...fair. Asked for the hashbrowns to be done..didn't make a difference, I guess, as they came out raw. Also, asked that my toast be dry...came out saturated with butter. My husband had the chicken steak with gravy...you could have plastered a house with the gravy! As you can tell, we will not be returning. The reason we went, was because of their article in the paper this week. Just shows, that you can't believe believe everything you read. My husband, jokingly, suggested, that we cancel the paper! [SEP]
4	I ordered the Chicken Pad Thai and Green Curry, YUMMY food was very good, ordered it spicy and it came about medium. But the food was what I wanted and expected, service was I asked for an opinion on the curry and the waiter happened to agree with everything I asked. how about this is this good, YES he would reply made me if he had tried it all. Beer and wine are both served. I this place and will return. [SEP]
5	I love, love, the Keg! I've been to this location as as San Tan Village, Tempe Marketplace and Ridge and have had nothing but food and service. I really the atmosphere, it has that dark, steakhouse feeling without being too or pretentious. We an Halloween dinner here last night which included a Keg sized glass of Fetzer chardonnay, a margarita (very strong), the Keg Dinner (ceasar salad, 7 oz filet wrapped in bacon, mixed vegetables and a loaded baked potato), bacon wrapped scallops (an appetizer that I ordered for my entree) and their bread with whipped butter, YUM! Our server was very outgoing and and offered suggestions as far as the menu. The bill with tax and tip was $68, really an value. Overall, a meal and dining experience. I will definitely be back and can't wait! [SEP]
3	We stayed at the Pointe Hilton over the July 4th weekend are were very with the pool facilities and poolside food service. However, I would send caution to anyone planning to stay at this hotel: if you do not have children, this probably is not the place for you. Screaming children swarmed every corner of this massive resort! So if you're looking for more relaxation and less SpongeBob, I'd suggest checking out the other hotel options in Phoenix. [SEP]
1	I decided to from routine and get a haircut at a local Clips. I called ahead and asked if they had an experienced barber that could do a flat top. The lady assured me that they did. I was Leary to say the least when she sat me in a chair of a 20 something fibbertygibbet dressed Madonna. Half way through this butchering, she asked my advice and then the advice of the owner on how to this haircut. Kid you not, it was an inch longer at the sides than the center. I looked a cross between the Gunny and flock of seagulls. I went home, set the clippers on 3 and finished the job......Would not go back here unless I a bet. [SEP]
3	The food is good, but took a while to get to us. [SEP]
4	Very consistent, thin crust pizza, made with ingredients and cheese! The market place is and the atmosphere is festive! [SEP]
5	I am OBSESSED with Ra. God that it is a chain restaurant otherwise I don't know how I would get my fix when in different states. I don't care what everyone says about the sushi, blah. This place is THE best!First of all it has the hour! I was introduced to the restaurant's items during hour when it was less to be adventurous. My absolute favorites are the Onion Salmon, Salmon Carpaccio and Shishito Peppers. The Onion Salmon's sauce is to for, the Salmon Carpaccio is and creamy with a kick of wasabi and the Shishito Peppers have the most garlic-type sauce! I usually order the peppers with a side of white rice and drizzle the sauce on it for a more filling meal. Other favorites are the RAckin shrimp, Uchi No Salad and Vegas Roll--basically any of the hour items are great!Oh and I can't forget about the desserts, if you have any room left you have to try the cinnamon tempura ice cream, but share it because it is very filling. [SEP]
4	Two times a year, you can meander down Mill Ave and the adjoining streets to look at an array of art for sale. Everything from jewelry and pop art posters to handmade kitchen utensils, photography and abstract paintings. If you go both in Spring and Winter, you're likely to see a few of the same artists. For the most part, Tempe Arts Festival does a job of providing variety. Plus, it's to wander and look at things you may not have seen before - let alone expected to see at an arts festival. This isn't the most of art festivals. There's really no live music, unless you count the occasional melodies of flutes you hear when you walk by the vendor selling his handmade wooden flutes. I've been three times and myself every time. I wasn't wowed. I never saw anything I couldn't live without. But, I said, this is a event to mark on your calender for both Spring and Winter - even if it happens to rain during the festival. I give last Winter's and this Spring's festivals both a 4-star review, for the weather and company were great. It was my first year going, and I was to see that Tempe offered the Valley something that appealed to people who really do try and art. After all, it's a consumer type of event, geared toward bringing the community and artists together. I can that. I give this Winter's festival a 3-star review. The rain didn't phase me. I can deal with a few sprinkles. What me was the mixing of ASU and UofA fans, both groups beginning to gather down on Mill Ave for the football showdown. Don't get me wrong, I a sporting event and understand team rivalry. I just thought it was that the upcoming game and the fans' took over the relaxed, casual feel that the arts festival usually has - you know, when you can walk down the street and look at art without running into an impromptu section. You see, were screaming in the streets - hollering to the other team - and waving their school's colors high. (Once again, I understand the of that. I just didn't expect it to be all over the streets in the early afternoon. Maybe I'm naive, though.) The were a definite from the art festival. Knowing what would happen when alcohol was mixed into the equation, my friend and I decided to bolt. we did. Seems Tempe can't handle a few rain droplets, for when we were walking back to the car, a street lamp post nearly on our heads. Talk about a commotion. I'd much rather attention be fixed on the art festival rather than any football game or lamp posts, no matter how dramatic both of those things can be.I s'pose this echoes the old saying, There's a time and place for everything.Word to the wise: Parking can be to find, or require you to shell out $10 for a spot. If you can, park somewhere closeby that's of charge and hoof it on foot. [SEP]
5	The Asaian store around. the selection. smoked herring for cheap. Everything is so much and than any other Asian store I've been. [SEP]
1	we visited on april 15th and And also Sunday April 22..I have twice now gone to your restaurant and twice been told that I couldnt use my BOGO coupon. The first time my mother went to pick up our order, she was told we didnt order the food and we had to order off the main entress. The second time we ordered, I was told that we had to order off of the DINER SELECT menu. I did not have my coupon handy, and when I was able to read it, it says specifically, Offer valid for one Diner Select with the purchase of another entree. Diner Select must be of equal or lesser value to purchase entree. Valid entrees include SIGNATURE DISHES, BOWLS, SALADS, DINER SELECTS AND LETTUCE WRAPS. So why, on two separate occasions were we told information and not allowed to use the coupon, thus spending a small on food, TWICE?!?!? Your customer service is far from what it used to be and I you will be getting more of our business any time in the near future. [SEP]
5	What can I write that has not been written about the of In-N-Out Burger! Maybe my is borne of the separation from it my primary residence in Dallas compels. I hope that when it opens in Dallas (yes, the plans for that are public), nothing changes. [SEP]
2	I will still call it the Counter, because I'm the curmudgeonly type that is sometimes to accept change. (Who is Chloe? Fox Restaurants need not have changed the name just to eliminate the boutique...)The food has always been tasty. The pea soup is absolutely amazing. The turkey sandwich is delicious, the chopped salad is a spot-hitter. I don't think the prices are too high, after all, it's in Kierland, which isn't exactly a discount enclave.The service. Ah, the service. First, let me spare the workers in my tirade. The cooks, and those who actually are putting together food and cleaning, do a job. The servers - or register-runners, have been disappointing. They invoke this kind of back-story imagery:Mom! My gas card didn't work, I almost didn't make it to Dana's party, I mean, can you imagine if I would have run out of gas, and had to talk to a commoner?? Wtf, Mom!Shannon, your father and I decided that you need to pick up a part-time job, we will still pay for your BMW, your insurance, your condo, your cable, your birth control, your health insurance and your part-time college education, but we think it's time you about 8 hours a week.OMG! This is soooo and unfair, Mom, wtf!And that is how Shannon (name made up) came to at The Counter. And that is why she at service. And that is why she doesn't how the rest of us to purchase an $8- sandwich, and how a simple smile, some humor, and a thanks for coming in, or how is everything tasting today, could make such an enormous difference in someone's dining (albeit counter style) experience. Instead, after ordering the Chopped Salad and the Pea Soup from Shannon, the cook brought me my soup, and I it. And I waited. And waited. There was no ticket, there was no chopped salad in the works. (The prep area is fully visable.) I asked the cook if there was an order in for a chopped salad, and she said, oh no, I'm so sorry, let me make one on the fly for you!. She did, I ate, it was delicious, and I thanked her. Shannon then presented me with my bill a full few minutes after I sat in front of an empty plate, I paid, and as she handed me my change she said, bye. I don't think I need to elaborate on that. So - to the Shannon's of the world - hurry up and get a boyfriend and become a wife so the rest of us don't have to deal with your shitty service, attitude and unsmiling demeanor. And to the cooks and service folks out there who manage at least a smile, you. you, every one. [SEP]
4	This is your typical airport restaurant that much has a monopoly because your choices past security are slim. However, this place has four saving graces - connection to the airport wifi, a tv that had the NFL playoffs on, a full bar with long island iced tea, and the french fries. The french fries are delicious! The burger is ok; I couldn't finish it all. My bill came to $20 for the food, long island, tax, and tip, which is probably about right. The waitress, whose service resulted in no problems, filled up my water bottle for me (instead of using the water fountain), which surprised me. So, four stars it is! [SEP]
2	I went to Sutra to attend the mixer where Yelp was being featured. After soaking in the sceney vibe, I decided that I was hungry. I asked the waitress for a menu. When she came back she told me that the hand side of the menu was half off and made a couple suggestions. I the names of the rolls that Sutra has. There were selections Cougar and 30k millionaire. I had one of each. As if the rolls were made to live up to their namesakes, they didn't me; they merely me. The of freshness and flavor were the biggest factors in Sutra's failure. I ended up leaving plenty of sushi on my plate, but I was relieved that they were half off, otherwise I would have returned them upon first bite. I would not eat at Sutra again if I had a choice. I would advise you to eat elsewhere and come to Sutra to see and be scene! [SEP]
3	I have to say I was with our brunch experience here. Ok class, let's have a lesson. What makes a good, traditional, Eggs Benedict? question, you say?Answer: crispy, toasted English muffin, meat of your choosing (let's go with Canadian Bacon), creamy Hollandaise.What am I missing, class?Ah yes, a poached egg, which bursts when pierced, it's silky, yolk. Ok so now that we've had our lesson, let's put it into practice. My eggs Benedict was served with three quartered tomatoes, very very very crunchy potatoes with no seasoning and two eggs Benedict. One was completely missing a yolk! Bummer. When our server came over, I told him and he brought out a new one, but the yolk was overcooked. Bummer, times two. My friend also had an overcooked egg on his plate.For the prices they're charging, we should have had four cooked eggs and potatoes. It's brunch, not brain surgery. The space is beautiful, and the server was pleasant, but I won't come back. Too many other places to try for brunch. [SEP]
4	I've been for lunch half a dozen times and usually sit at the bar. Their beers are great. I'm a home brewer and am discerning in my beer tastes. Their HopKnot IPA has a huge nose of hops if you are a hop lover--which I am. However the 8th Street is probably my favorite. It is a English style ale--without the edge of an American ale SN. On a day their Kolsch is and reminds me of being in Germany. I've had mostly burgers and fries there and they are good. The atmosphere is casual and the staff is and attentive. If you are a craft beer it is a laid back destination to a brew...or two. They also pour growlers and sell cans of Kolsch and Kiltlifter in 12 packs. [SEP]
4	Ask to sit outside, if you can! The patio is wide, clean, and air goes with a Slam. Very kind manager working the day we called to see if we could bring our dog with us before we had to run off to her dog training. She said they don't normally allow pets out there, but since there was nobody outside, she would allow it unless someone complained. We got there, passed the pup over the gate, and had brinner champs while watching the traffic. The manager came by to check on us and even brought out a bowl of water for Tatum. everyone says, it's Denny's food... what do you expect? But I think the hospitality makes all the difference. [SEP]
5	Steak cooked to perfection. [SEP]
1	The parking is my beef with this place. Why does a customer have to pay $12 for each time we park at the garage? If you move in and out three times, that's $36 for parking. Yes, my company was paying, but this was just outright and I wouldn't make my company pay for this again.I've been to Phoenix twice since then, and I've avoided this place and stayed at the Marriot. Much place. [SEP]
5	So to have found Thai in my neighborhood. We thought when we moved away from Tempe that we had our access to ethnic food. Luckily we found this little gem. ambience, quick service, and food. We ordered the green curry chicken and the noodles with vegetables. sized portions for price. We got ours on a 3 out of 5 scale of heat and it was for us. I have a feeling we'll become regulars. [SEP]
5	As far as indie record stores, this is truly as as it gets in the valley.It is a breath of air because it is a REAL record store, and you can sample CD's along the wall to get your music fix.I how they have a list of new releases. I definitely refer to them if my music is getting stale.Recently, my husband and I have bought albums from Beirut, Andrew Bird and Iron & Wine. They have everything your heart desires- so go and get you some!OH- and I just found out you can buy concert tickets there, and they usually give out a Magnet magazine with each purchase. Woohoo! [SEP]
3	Good: 22 courts, backboards, big pro shop, beverages, ice cream, bathrooms, people there.Bad: Pro shop seems to only carry women's clothes and old old school mens cloths, the lights are the second in the valley (after Indian School Park)I have never paid for courts because I play on a league so I dont know about the rates. The courts were and kept. [SEP]
1	The owner has changed hands & this place isn't what it used to be. If you want up to date paper & quality product...go to OR Crop Girls! [SEP]
3	I the Bamboo Club, but it doesn't seem to bode with purists. It is a very Americanized spin on Chinese food, with some dishes it and others not so much. I with a addiction to Panda Express so I refer to it from time to time, but I feel I'm justified this time. Bamboo Club is a deluxe version of Panda Express. In fact, their dish is also the orange chicken, only done much more tastefully than their counterparts. It's a little considering what they are offering (semi-glorified mall food) but, all in all, not bad. [SEP]
4	I was to try this shop at first. Some of the reviews that popped up via Google me to believe it and not well-stocked. Well, you can some of the people some of the time, and today, I was no longer by whatever people out there have it in for Double Beads.Firstly, their Czech seed beads are the in town. I'm not even kidding. I purchased six half tubes and one full for around $10. The organization thereof leaves something to be desired, but at those prices, browsing should be a joy. Their pressed glass and fire selections were of average number and price. In the Swavorski department, standard bicones, cubes and rounds are not as singles- only some of the pendant materials, and even then, some come packed two to a bag. I was a bit vexed by this. What if someone wants one Baroque for a pendant?The back sported a assortment of findings and stringing materials. Particularly impressive: a display of natural copper items for raiding. Sales bins occupied the front- some bags currently up for less than a quarter. I found the clerk on duty during my visit was more of the hands-off type, but quite personable when I checked out. The store itself is a bit to find, tucked in a winding strip mall. It's directly across the street from Arizona Art Supply. That street is Scottsdale Road, but if you can see the art store from the side where Double abides, you can't be far. [SEP]
5	One of the most breweries I've been to, not because of their personal beer choices but because of how they run the place. They have over 30 beers on tap from all over the country. If that's not enough, the entire back wall of the place is refrigerated coolers full of bottles and cans of even more craft brews that you can hand pick to drink in house...OR....build your own 6 pack to carry out. Brews from all over from Epic, to Dogfish, to Maui Brewing, to Sierra Nevada and the list goes on...and on....and on. It really is a concept!! Oh....and their food is too. Mostly your normal bar food but tasty.As for the service? I was at how the girls that were serving us really truly seemed to have some serious beer knowledge. They were able to help us pick the beer for our and they were there when the brews disappeared regardless of the fact the place was packed.Know before you go: Don't let the exterior you! It's a small portion of a strip mall...look or you may it [SEP]
4	Cho Dang - Fo Sho! Looking for Korean food can be tricky. Cho Dang offers my entree cooked just right. Tofu Soup w a egg - yum! Broth could be spicy but definitely the burnnnn....urrr!!! Decor of the place - I dig! wood flooring with some picture frames of plants; then the ceiling is painted sky blue to give you that outdoor feel. Service was - my waiter was a young man that couldn't tell me what Hite beer taste (told him to take a sip and let me know :) ) Shhhh...don't tell anyone. to say my dinner was - definitely a return place - my friends! [SEP]
5	Been a patron since this eatery first opened. This is honestly one restaurant that has not been by the economy. The food is that fabulous! My absolute salad is the Turkey Waldorf. My children always get the side Caesar with Potato Cream Cheese Soup. The husband always gets either a Cranberry Scone and Onion Bagel slathered with cream cheese OR a Pretzel and some sort of sandwich. The only to this eatery is their of seating space during the lunch rush hour. Get there by 11am if you actually want to sit inside, otherwise on a windy and winter day you might find yourself outside sitting on the patio (as I have done in the past.)Even with the of seating during rush hour lunch....I'm giving this place five stars and making sure I'm there before the rush hour. :-) Eats! [SEP]
4	Julio G's lunch menu offers some very dishes. I the beef flautas special with rice and beans. The wait staff was very and efficient. group restaurant spot! [SEP]
2	With a name America's Taco Shop, I had to check the place out. Got the homemade ceviche and the carne asada taco. Thought the prices were a bit high for the quality and amount of food that I received.The ceviche and tortilla chips that came with it were a bit bland. The carne asada taco was but not spectacular.What got me though as I sat indoors in their dining room was I started to notice how everything was. There was a grimy layer of over all the decorations on the walls and the of the condiment bottles were frankly they had not been wiped in ages.So I decided to check out their bathroom. Sure enough, the ladder they had leaning against the wall had a layer of on them . . . . and I felt a little grossed out . . . let's just say, if the public areas the dining area and bathroom are not and care for, I don't really want to imagine the condition in the kitchen . . . [SEP]
4	Stopped in for lunch with an old friend. We had lots to catch up on, so got a booth inside where it was quieter. The decor is true to Tom's heritage at this location, modernized with lots of historical pics on the wall. The Governor's Room has an gleaming state seal over the doorway. Service was excellent. Food was OK. bar with Tom's specialties, where I don't water, so no info on that. I should have had the 1929 chili, or a burger to really try the food. I had a Cuban sandwich with house salad instead. The salad greens were fresh, the tiny Tom atoes and crunchy. The sandwich was a Phoenix Arizona Cuban sandwich from Tom's Tavern, not a Cuban sandwich made by somebody's Cuban mother or Abuelo using all the Cuban ingredients. Kind of Mexican food in Yellowknife, Yukon Territory. test.Next time I'm having the burger. There will be a next time.Ambiance 1Service 1Cleanliness 1Cuban Sandwich 1 [SEP]
2	The burger I had there was tasteless and had a texture. The fries were and their signature Rootbeer was delicious, but I've definitely had elsewhere.In all fairness, I did not try their selection, so I will definitely come back to give them another try. [SEP]
3	i mac n' cheese & i the dark. these 2 facts make me this place. the service was good. the prices were reasonable. they had a selection of craft beer & local wine. the colors and candles were comforting. (however this atmosphere makes the headlights from the cars parking up against the windows somewhat more obtrusive)a 3 stars for me.. i wasn't blown away, but i wasn't disappointed....p.s. i think maybe i'll lisa g's..?! [SEP]
2	This place is a must go if you are some beer starved party animal ASU student but as an adult who is one step beyond the let's get blottoed for the sake of getting this place isn't really visiting. The beers really aren't that compared to Four Peaks/Papago/Sun Up/San Tan, or any of the other brew pubs around. Really wasn't that with the food either. The only reason I gave it an extra star than one because the service was good, of course there were only one other group in the place at the time. [SEP]
5	I this place. It is one of my Antique shops in the city! There is a wide selection and of booths and items. There is everything here from match boxes, purses and hats to retro/vintage furniture, wacky mannequins, old cameras and old toys to reminiscence over. And! They are decently priced and have a staff. [SEP]
4	I am not as about the Cornish Pasty Company as some, but if you are looking for this type of place to eat, you will probably the experience.A Pasty is basically a turnover; at Cornish Pasty Company, it is a very big turnover. One is a meal. Here they precook them until they are almost done, then finish them when you order. This process introduces a drying effect that from the product. They do serve a sauce with each pasty, and as the sauces we tried were quite good, you can use the sauce to counteract the dryness. When all is said and done, the pastys are tasty. But not knock-your-socks-off great.The atmosphere at Cornish Pasty Company is and noisy. It seems more a college hangout than a restaurant, and this is not surprising because it is a college hangout, but one where the quality of the food has attracted a wider clientele. If you this kind of atmosphere, you will be at home at one of the few small tables or at the bar. I the bar.Prices are low (typically about $9 for a pasty), considering the size of the meal.Hints:1. It is always crowded. Try to come at an off hour, 4:30 on a weekday.2. Skip the very average salads and the oven chips (dry, tasteless), and probably the other appetisers. Just get a pasty. If you are an abnormally big eater, follow it up with a dessert pasty.3. It is a bit to find. Turn North on from University to find the Cornish Pasty Company in a small shopping center hidden by a large gas station. [SEP]
2	I've never been to a restaurant where we (a party of 6 with a reservation) sat at a table with no water, no bread, no cutlery, no service for 15 minutes before receiving a menu .... when we finally had someone provide a menu, it then took another 15 minutes to get the wine we ordered. Still no bread, still no food. The server the wine bottle on the table (unopened), and went to find glasses. 10 minutes later she then threw the bottle opener at our table so we could open the wine ourselves while she went to find glasses. Most (!?!) of the wine glasses arrived within the next 10 minutes, and still no bread or food. Do I need to go on? And while the server apologized profusely, she never offered to take anything off the bill or even a dessert on the house for our group. Food was -- the house-made burrata is quite remarkable. But not of a reason to return. Others we were with have had experiences, and I would hope for the owner's sake that our dinner was an aberration... [SEP]
4	It was a busy Friday when I went - about the time that everyone gets out of early. So you'd expect more than ONE cashier there. But nope, no such luck. There were about 5 people in front of me and the line took about 10 minutes. But we had conversation about how the local library was going to be closing in the near future.Overall, I generally Borders over B&N in the coorperate book world, but probably won't be coming back to this one if I feel the need to buy a book. I will if I want to relax, sit back and perhaps browse at some magazines. [SEP]
5	Jon, Tess, Charlie, Erin, Kathleen and whole gang are the best!!! [SEP]
5	Our waiter was Vincent. Very polite, helpful, accommodating, and about the menu and the taste of each item. Service was A+! The food was fantastic. No errors, was tasteful, unique, and fresh! I will definitely come here again. [SEP]
2	I had been wanting to try Sal's for quite a while but never got around to it. Until today! I got a side salad and the 14 Sal's Favorite. I must say, not at all. The salad was made of what looked a bag of pre-shredded lettuce. And not very either. The pizza was just ok, I've had much better. Very and disappointed, I will not be going back to Sal's. [SEP]
4	Had to write a quick review to this place. It kicks Denny's ASS. The food is always done well, eggs made to order, fries always and crispy. Sandwiches are full of good, ingredients, breakfasts are all delish. Waitresses are a sweet/salty combo.My friend made a side comment the last time about wanting my pickle, because she had breakfast and I had a sammy. The waitress, without a word, came back to the table with a plate of the briny spears. xtra touch!All in all a pleasant,cheap, laid back, 24/7 diner, which is to come by in this day and age. [SEP]
2	I giving this place two stars, but the service has always been inconsistent. I've been coming here since 2006, and the food has always been excellent. Service has been though; during my most recent visit our server blew off two of our drink orders and I had to order from the bar myself. Honestly if they would hire some frumpy old veteran servers then I bet everything would ten fold. Anyone else ever had this problem? [SEP]
4	While waiting for Ayesha to have dinner at Thai Elephant, I tried not to let the meth-crack-head who pretended to talk on the pay phone me from a meal. She had no shoes on and walked up to the pay phone and started talking. It hadn't been ringing and she didn't dial a number. I'm a for Touch of Thai's catfish dish, and they had the same one on the menu. It was good, but the fish was a bit overcooked. I would have a bit more sauce as the dish was a bit dry.Service was excellent. My iced tea was refilled without asking throughout our meal.Of course, spending and evening with Ayesha over spicy food as we both wiped our noses from the heat of curry can't be beat! [SEP]
3	restaurant, food, Service.Went there with a group, and the food was all but the service wasn't great. I ordered Chicken Katsu before the rest of the group ordered tons of Sushi...the Sushi came out slow, but no one cared. And then I realized we had been there 2.5 hours and I still didn't have my Chicken Katsu - I asked the waiter about it and he had totally forgot. I eventually got my food but everyone else was done eating - he was apologetic and we got a dessert but it just for me since I don't eat sushi... [SEP]
4	I don't have much to compare it to, since this is the only Venezulan restaurant I know of in AZ. It's very small, definitely family-run, with what looks to be the adolescent son taking orders and bringing out drinks. The young man who seems to be the owner shares the space with Rosati's. My foodie group saw a write-up of this place in the newspaper so we decided to trek out to Mesa. It was darn good, especially for the price!They were out of Guayanes (the newspaper had this arepa) so we ordered three other arepas. In case you don't know, an arepa is a corn fritter type sandwich. We had the queso de ano, which appeared to have a salty cheese and potato in it. It was very yum. We had reina pepiada arepa, which was a mayonaise-y chicken salad with avocado- we didn't care that much for it. But the Pabellon arepa with plantain, shredded beef, and black beans was a hit.We also had the pabellon plate which was quite yummy with the plantains I've ever had. Oddly, the rice was a bit and dry. The cachapas jamon and queso de mano was a with my fellow foodies- kind of a pancake sandwich with ham and cheese. We finished with the quesillo (tastes exactly flan to me) which was very good.I'd say it's a bit of a drive for some of us, but it's definitely checking out. Not for those looking for heart-healthy eats! [SEP]
4	hotel bar in a hotel. Get a booth and the crowd. Be sure to get a cocktail or four at the hotel lobby bar before dinner during hour. place and we checked this place out. [SEP]
4	4.5 StarsThe seafood tower was and my ribeye was very good. Very expensive. Much experience than the ocean club in Newport Beach. [SEP]
4	Open late, that is a huge plus! Been here for lunch and for dinner, also in different times of the year. Service is always stellar. Food is always good. Sometimes there is something with the check such as charging for things that were supposed to be included or full price for hour items or something that. Not sure why that keeps happening, there seems to be some pressure on the staff. Otherwise, the place is and seems small and in the busy times, and accommodating when just the amount of people. time is dinner, in a booth, not on a weekend and when you are really hungry as the food portions are generous. [SEP]
4	I just stayed here a few nights back, and I thought it was great. bed, sheets, Internet, temperature control, Aveda products in bath. The hotel itself is a bit of a hodge-podge decoratively; kind of somebody got a subscription to Wallpaper and decided they could be a decorator. That said, altogether it is sort of and it feels a value. Plus, the restaurant downstairs was perfecto when we visited. [SEP]
4	I'ld give 6 stars if possible for each and every appetizer we have had. The tomato soup, caesar salad, beignets, and crab dip are all way more than they have any to be. However, the stand out is the shrimp canapé - one of the appetizers I've ever had. Period. The other side of the coin is the at-best entrees. The first night we had a gift certificate and ordered an amount of food and ended up leaving both the burger and meatloaf largely untouched. On subsequent visits the appetizers were and the of entrees just didn't live up to the apps. The blackened tacos were and tasteless. The meatloaf was swimming in liquid. The burger bun was overly toothsome and the burger bland. Long story short - order appetizers (which there are more than of) and you will be happy. Also hour is but the wine is otherwise. Take away = it for shrimp canapé if nothing else! [SEP]
4	Standing a paragon of in a sea of decadence, U.S. Egg's Scottsdale's location is place of redemption, both for your soul and your appetite. Open only for breakfast and lunch, the restaurant attracts as diverse a clientele as the 'dale itself. This is not somewhere that relies on being a tourist trap: some locals are known to eat here daily.Its location is slightly outside the Old Town Pale, but still within walking distance unless it's the height of summer. Secondly, it has its own parking lot, making it as as Denny's or a Marie Callendars. Nevertheless the lot is often full on weekend mornings, and you will definitely see people waiting. unless you arrive very early or late. There is both an outdoor patio seating area and a large indoor dining room.Having gone numerous times alone, I am always how quickly I am seated. No against tables for one here. The servers are all personable and graceful...yet not self-aggrandizing. This is not a Michelin four-star restaurant however, and you should not expect being waited on hand and foot. Given the volume of service, it's also how few are made and how everything is.The food is also excellent. Although you can order both lunch or breakfast, I tend to crave the latter more. There's plenty of on the menu and they have both dishes and old staples. This helps to explain why the uber-fab Scottsdale club kids this place just as much as the Cadillac set. Prices are very for Scottsdale, though perhaps too much for a dirt-poor college student or person living only on Social Security.The building also capitalizes on Arizona's sunny weather with high ceilings and plenty of windows...causing plenty of light to splash in and to evoke that sense of morning and freshness. There's plenty of ambient as a result...but it's almost reassuring. Not to mention that the hearing-aid crowd and club crawlers may be too to notice.U.S. Egg is not flawless, however. From a cost point of view, the restaurant has to with the fact that breakfast is usually the meal of the day. Without a dinner menu though to recoup cost, diners have to and bear any perceived cost from say Denny's. Neverthless it's still it, in my opinion. The other stems from the food. Different dishes often rely on the same sides. If you get of their potatoes for example, you can be really out of despite ordering something different every time. Moreover their signature dishes again may not truly demandng foodies.While it may not your hangover (or incontinence), U.S. Egg remains firmly on the map for locals. Managing to please all of Scottsdale is a tall order, and the owners, managers, and staff all should stand tall and be proud. [SEP]
5	Batman!This place is ONE-OF-A-KIND...it's Awesometown & it's YUMMY!Once you step inside you'll get the picture. It's factor is off the meter.Smeeks sells a never ending selection of treats of all kinds...it's THE PLACE for unique, off the wall, gifts. AND CANDY. I give a big round of applause to LOCAL, small business owners who stick their necks out in ANY economic climate but in today's woe-filled world of running a business, they become instant HEROES!If a picture is a thousand words, you can take a peek at 25,000 more reasons to visit Smeeks here:http://monkeywonderland.com/blog/ [SEP]
1	Wish I could review this place on service but I wasn't able to get one. Walked in at 1 PM on a Sunday afternoon for a mani pedi, was told by the front nail tech to have a seat. I get it, I walked in on a Sunday afternoon so they are going to be busy and I am to wait. My wait turned into 30 minutes and no one said a word to me. Then the front nail guy tells me it is going to be another 20 minutes before someone would be able to get to me. You know your salon, you know your techs and how long it will take them to do a service as as how many people are in front of me so it would have been to have gotten a expected wait time before I an hour my time. I ended up leaving and going to another salon who saw me away The place in general was dirty, nail polish spilled down the wall and everywhere. I did not get to see how their pedi baths and chairs were but the front waiting and front desk area was filthy. [SEP]
2	This place looks from the causeway, but the food is marginal. We had the veggie taco plate and the veggie burrito. Both flavor, even the spicy salsa was bland. Server was friend and attentive, that is the only reason I am giving it two stars. I would just go here for a drink next time and skip the food entirely. [SEP]
1	OH MAHHH GOSH, what they have working here. Came in to pay for my phone bill and literally stood in line for 40 effing minutes. They had TWO ppl out on the sales floor that afternoon and the store was packed. Really? What decided to schedule TWO meat-heads who knew diddly squat about anything on a busy Saturday afternoon??? And no, I don't care to upgrade my phone. I JUST WANT TO PAY FOR MY BILL AND GTFO OF THERE!!!! Do you really think that after such service I am going to want to up your commission rate by purchasing/upgrading my phone with you? NO. [SEP]
5	Definitely an buffet. Not your typical buffet stereotype. the sushi. of things to have. If memory serves, it was 19.99 when I was there. I think a tad high, but someone mentioned 25 bucks, so maybe it's come down :-? Sake is priced well, and the beers. [SEP]
4	My company is into giving back to the community, so they invited my department to volunteer at St. Mary's during work-hours this week. It was a experience and I would do it again! We filled boxes that get passed out to families in need. It makes me feel so to volunteer and help others. And I feel so to for a company that and encourages this kind of service! St. Mary's was the first Food Bank in the world, they have expanded into a national effort. I also learned that 1 in 5 children wake-up and go to sleep hungry, 1 in 7 adults (18-64) have to decide between eating or buying things gas/rent/bills/etc, and 1 in 12 seniors (64+) are with bills/medical needs/food.Help someone else and make yourself feel - volunteer!! [SEP]
4	Tried Bombay Spice last night. After reading the website and reviews, it seemed it would fit our combined need to finally find Indian fare in Phoenix AND not our calorie budget (husband and I are trying--and succeeding!-- in weight). on both counts!It was Saturday at about 6:30 and we were seated immediately. The place was almost full. We sat on the patio, which was lovely, but might get too during the summer (I didn't see any misters--You're Welcome, Mother Earth!). Service was attentive, and our waitress gave us several recommendations. We ordered:Somosas (baked, I think, not fried, which made them a little messier to eat but still very very tasty).Naan (chewy, moist, naan-y...yum)Grilled Shrimp skewers (a little on the side, but very tasty, and served with grilled peppers and onions and a mint sauce).We each ordered individual entrees with basmati. They you to order the two-entree choice, but we were trying to avoid over-ordering, and it turned out to be exactly the amount of food. I ordered the Cauliflower and potatoes, which was moist, savory, a little spicy, and very tasty, albeit a little in the sauce department (I would have a little something to spoon over my rice).Husband ordered the Chicken Tikka Masala, which was exceptional. They claim that they don't use cream in their food, so I don't know how they made the masala sauce so creamy and good, but they did and I'm not going to question it any more! I would have licked the bowl if we had been at home. Next time I think we'll get some apps again but try the Bombay Plate to share, which is 5 entree choices and rice. That way we can try a whole bunch of things. $35 before tip for naan, two appetizers, and two single-choice entrees. Not for a Saturday out. We'll definitely be back, even though it was kind of a drive for us. [SEP]
4	I always have here.I went here on new years this year and had a time.I did see the most lesbian here. She wore her make up and dressed just ike the Shane Character in the LWord.Al I could think was, what a loser.and I wish I was that skinnyDo you have no personality that you wear a costume everyday.!!So I was with my girlfriend in line and we were holding each other. She walked away for five seconds and asked my girlfriend for her number.My girlfriend totally her.I walked up and you could see the in her eye. She just kept saying Sorry, Sorry, Sorry.Well anyway aside from that I this place.But dont go in the bathroom unless you have to. There are always tranny's doing coke or k in the womens bathroom.Make sure and use a tissue to lock and unlock the [SEP]
5	MMMMM. Let me it down for you...when you can hear staff in the kitchen saying oh wow, that looks as plates are coming up in the window, you're in for a treat. I mean the fact that they see these dishes time and time again and are still by them....! Then flash forward to the next day and if you're heating up second lunch (I to eat) in the office micro and employees comment on the smells, yeah you're doing a-ok! I was solo this time because Gabi M was home with baby and I didn't think to call Jarred (sorry bud!). Eating alone certainly wasn't as much but it was delicious. Eggplant is a must. You just HAVE TO get it, done. In addition I also had a really yummy chicken dish with wide noodles, veggies, basil, and a spicy/sweet sauce. SO tasty. The portions are enormous, so don't at the prices. Grab two entrees, share with the group, take home leftovers...that simple ;).Know Before You Go: I'm only in Scottsdale one every other month and Tottie still remembers me when I come in, and that rocks! Big fan. [SEP]
4	Don't let the name you. Beaver Choice is an dining experience. My girlfriend and I decided on a whim to give it a shot (after making the obligatory puns and double entendre's on the name). After staring at the menu for two minutes, trying to decipher what we were to have, we gave up and asked the guy behind the counter's advice. His name was Chris and he was extremely helpful. He sold us with samples, rather than descriptions of the plate. I ordered the gravlax; my girlfriend ordered the laxpudding. We entrusted the quality of our meal to the word of Chris and the small sample we tasted, because, in my mind, the ingredients had no business being together in one dish. Both dishes were based on lox, aka smoked salmon. We were both surprised at the dish that greeted each of us a few minutes later. The food was EXCELLENT! And while not the dinner in the world, you get an enormous bang for your buck. Your plate is literally stacked with food. if you finish it all. Bottomline: Beaver Choice has a weird-ass name, but it serves some of the food in Tempe. We will be back for sure, and I each of you to give it a shot. I you won't come away disappointed! [SEP]
2	I consignment stores...and walking in this store, the was great... however...I have to say i am with My Sister's Closet. I had heard such things, so I was really to go. They did have some designer purses, including a $3400 jimmy chu purse that was huge and for $1899. The designer section clothing was on wooden hangers with their logo (Nice touch). However....... The items I saw around the store, and my friend with me agreed, seemed more than 40% really were more for a store, and a lot of the items were really (and still had high prices). You could see food on a dooney bag.. a coach wristlet, black, had white food smeared all over it... still highly priced for as as it is. The thing is... even if it is a brand.. sometimes your store is more than the 10 bucks you'll make by selling something dirty. Just my .02. I saw sensors put though jeans pockets, wallets (in the leather!) and other placements. When I asked about it.. the sales person just said, maybe there is someone new who does not put it in the place. That items people are buying, and they may not realize the big holes placed by those sensors. I there on the web tags. I've never seen that before, but they are really and catch your eye if you want to take a closer look. I consignment stores to identify the sizes on the hanger by color coding or some such to make it to find my sizes. I get really trying to find my size.. As a consumer, I would have spent more time looking had I been able to really scan the racks for size.The shoes are organized.... and labeled. They were not over so it was to see the shoes. There are some positives.. I purchased a le sportsac tiny bag for 9.99, it was new so i do feel it was a deal. but really be careful what you buy.. The prices for the purses seemed high for used resale and their obvious usage stains. [SEP]
4	Yummy in my tummy goes the won-ton soup. It is my go to for when anyone is feeling and totally hits the spot with all its veggies. in the valley, IMHO. The rice is also really yummy here. They don't skimp on the veggies which I love. Last visit to eat in was a couple weeks ago and the waitress/owner(?) was to us and our French friends visiting from across the pond. I will definitely make an effort to eat in more often instead of ordering out. [SEP]
4	Carly's Bistro is one of my new favorites - especially now that I'm moving downtown! Very vegetarian friendly, and lots of yummy dishes with tons of flavor! Their hummus is TO FOR! So much flavor!!! My sandwich is the Europa with roasted red peppers, artichoke hearts, tomatoes and spinach and smoked mozarella on cibatta. Delish!! They also have a beer menu! Quite extensive with a type to make anyone happy! They're a location for parties, and offered hour prices on all drinks during the event.I'm going there for dinner tonight and can't wait!! [SEP]
4	I had no idea they were open for lunch! since the boy and I were down town during lunch the other day. We stopped in around 2:30 inthe afternoon. No Wait! I couldn't even believe it. I hadn't eaten there since I was a little girl, but it was just as as I remember.We got a couple beers and the Margarita Pizza. It was sooo yummy! crispy on the edges and lots of flavor. The service was a tini bit slow, but no big deal, we it. If you want pizza and dont want to wait the normal 3 hours during dinner, you should hit up Pizzaria Bianco while the sun is still up, less wait time if at all. Enjoy!! [SEP]
4	There are two places in Phoenix that have the barbecue sauce. Honey Bears is the Not one, LoveJoys is the one. them both. [SEP]
5	Been a customer since they opened ten years ago. Quality cut and people. These are professional barbers who have been doing this for years. No froo froo! Russian not spoken there! [SEP]
5	Had lunch here with my wife today. It's the second time I've been and her first. After my first visit it rocketed into my five favourite restaurants of all time. They have some notch food, and the thing is that it's such a deliciously change from the bottom-feeder's Mexican that you see all over Phoenix. The menu is varied and I think I eventually will want to try everything. Appetizers include alligator and frog's legs. The main I had today was their Mardi Gras Pasta, which is linguini with tomato, thin-sliced garlic, andouille sausage, crawfish meat, onion and shrimp topped with a really creamy sauce. Absolutely delicious. The wife had mahi-mahi with an even sauce, and rice on the side. Although a tiny bit on the pricy side it's definitely coming back to. Large open seating (outdoor seating also available), dimly lit, old-style jazz, a large full-service bar and a very outside waiting area with water feature, giant etc. The service was also and both times I've been, the waiters have been very (the first guy told me that if I got the large serving of alligator, to try it 'half-blackened' - a tip which allowed me to taste both 'styles' of the appetizer). They also have things I've not heard of before etoufee and opelousas. If my dad didn't live over seven thousand miles away I'd take him here in an instant - he'd absolutely the place. You will too.Oh yeah, they have creme brulee (with fruit) and potato pecan pie, amongst other things, for dessert. We had the latter - yum. [SEP]
5	Owned by a serious, James Beard nominee, this is high taste, for Mexican food. We sat at the bar, and joked with the bartenders for a while; all the time trying a myriad of different tacos. Every single one was great! This is the real deal, with a edge. [SEP]
4	My mom and my son and I went to old town on a Thursday to check out some galleries and listen to some of the buskers! So after our perusing we stopped to get ice cream. Real ice cream! Petersen's is a really place and it's brand new! Just opened 11/23 I think. they have lots of flavors Georgia Peach, NY Black Cherry, Cappuccino, Peppermint with real peppermint, lots of sorbet, lots of chocolate stuff that I didn't want to try, and old favs cookie dough, butter pecan etc. They also sell pints and also gallons I think! The staff is and about the history of the shop. I think the girl said they originated in Chicago and that the tiles in the ceiling are from the original location! I just thought that was so cool! She also said that they could sub the milk in your lattes and coffe with ice cream to make pepperment lattes and more flavors! I thought that was rad. Anyway, if you are in old town I highly you check this place out! [SEP]
4	This isn't a place that you go a whole lot - but BOY are they when you need them!I brought in my cordless phone that has some special battery internally that was to the point that I could only talk on the phone for about 10 minutes per charge. Not so fun. I brought the phone here and the guy was to find the battery that would work. While I was there I saw folks getting batteries for SO many and unique things. So if you're looking for something a little more than a Duracell AA, you should give them a call. And even if that's all you think you want - if you're in the area you might want to go by because based on what kind of product you're using it for, I heard them suggest different brands/types of AA battery. Not something I normally want to think about - but to know. [SEP]
4	food and I the atmosphere at this location. [SEP]
1	I for my first official review to be a one star review but Macayo's really me last night. When I first pulled into the parking lot last night I was surprised to see how many empty parking spaces there were. I immediately got because normally any restaurant on Bell road any night of the week has a wait. However, when I walked inside I saw a slew of people waiting to be seated. I walked up to the hostess stand and put my name on the list and the hostess did not give me a time quote and when I asked how long it would be she quoted me, not too long. We waited about 15 minutes before being shown to our table which is where the really began. Once we were at our table we were quickly greeted by our server (yay) however, she told us she had another table's drink order to get and then she would be back for ours (boo). So we waited for her to take the other two tables drink orders before coming back to take ours. After about 10 minutes we got our fountain drinks and then 5 minutes later she came back to take our food order. Then it took about 50 minutes for our food to come out. Seriously, 50 minutes.... that's about how long I planned to spend at Macayo's not how long I planned on waiting for my appetizer of taquitos to take to come out. And to it off we were missing a side of rice and a side of baja sauce. We decided not to mention it as we did not want to wait another hour for the two items to come out. So, after eating and waiting for our drinks to be refilled 3 times we finally got the check to which the server apologized for our wait. Apparently, she couldn't have apologized at all during our 50 minute minute wait she needed to wait until tip time. I don't going to Macayos. You might have at any of the other 10 Mexican restaurants on Bell Road. [SEP]
4	job this bar from the dive bar it was. They have a selection of brews from all over AZ, the US, and the globe as as a very wine list. Thus far I've tried the pork tacos and the grilled cheese, both of which were delicious. Service was a little on the side as our server was over-loaded. [SEP]
4	I F&E. Been shopping at the 12th street location since it opened there doors. This store for me since I live a very busy lifestyle. The pre-packaged foods, fruits and veggies make life for me. For a small store they have a of things to choose from. This is not a one stop shop to find everything, however they seem to always have the items that for me. They don't have as many Safeway or Fry's grocery deals, but they have discounted items regulary to choose from. There prices are slightly higher then Trader Joes for the amount of food.The store is always and clean. There is tons of help incase you have guestions. You can bag your own or there is someone there to help you. [SEP]
1	If I could give zero stars, I would. Just about the experience for my friend and I. We came in for a quick and dinner. After being ignored at the door way repeatedly, we sat ourselves. First, we had a girl server who said shed be back with menus, but in front of us at the bar we see her flirting instead of coming back. Our server switched to another guy who was just as at serving. I have no idea how this place ever received more than one star based on the staff alone. They're lazy, slow, and completely the entire experience of dining there. The hour prices are great, but there are other RA's so do yourself a and go to a different location. [SEP]
4	Step back in time! Every once in awhile you start to look for something different for lunch and then pops up a place MacAlpines. Besides the 50's atmosphere and food, this place will have you and reminicing the moment you step into the door!I am not downtown that often but rest assured, I will be back to this place. [SEP]
3	I visited one Sunday afternoon just to check it out in reply to an ad I saw to visit for for (5) days. Typically, when you respond to ads that from a gym, the staff requests your information such as name, address, & phone so they can sell you on a membership later. That was not the case with me. It was very informal. I advised I was not a member and wanted to give their place a shot. The guy in the front desk said come on in; no personal information requested and no tour. I'm there was no sales pressure. I thought the no tour part was kind of odd, but after doing my walk through, I understand why. The place is not very big. They have weights and cardio machines and the treadmills each had a personal television on the machine. The whole facility appeared and there were towels for the taking for your workout. The lockers in the men's locker room were really nice. They were made brown wood. You can view a sample of the interior of the facility on their website. They looked really classy, but they were not free. There were cabinets offered outside of the locker rooms that you can keep your personals in with a latch that allows you to insert your personal lock on. There was also a small room for classes.I wasn't very with this gym mainly because it was very small. I came during a Sunday afternoon when most gyms don't see much traffic so I don't know what it's during normal high traffic periods such as early mornings and after 5pm on weekdays. I would imagine that due to the small size of this gym that they cater more to the very local crowd. I wouldn't give this location a rating because there wasn't really anything that stood out that was other than the space and equipment. You might think of this location as the alternative to the larger chain gyms 24 Hour Fitness, LA Fitness, or Lifetime Fitness. You can always take a look for yourself; apparently, they don't provide too much sales pressure for visitors. Anyway, that's my say on Mountainside Fitness at Bell Rd in North Scottsale next to the Ice Den skating rink. [SEP]
4	This was our last stop on the Urban Wine Walk yesterday, and it was a place to end the day. Because this was our last stop, we were too late to get the wine special, however we decided to stay and grab a table on the patio and get a (full) glass of wine. We also ordered some potato fries to munch on.The patio was and I how the inside opened up to become an extension of the patio, or versa. We were to be experiencing one of those Arizona days and I felt I was sitting in a friend's cute, backyard . . . with table service. Speaking of the service, no from me!The original plan was to get dinner, but the wine, fries, and conversation were to fill us up and take us to the end of the night. I can't wait to go back (soon, to the patio) and try all of the food I was reading about on the menu and now in everyones reviews! [SEP]
4	My birthday cake came from Tammie Coe and it was AMAZING. It was decorated with frosting. But it was the inside that me over. Gooey, chocolate, oh my! It was so rich, I ate half a slice... but it was oh so it! [SEP]
4	This is the very first time I have ever been in here.This location anyway, the first one was in downtown Seattle. Yes, I came with my girlfriend. Both times,but it is a place for men as well.Samples of colonge, creams ,lotions and anything else you have ever wanted to try. They will even give you samples of things to take home. They will make you a sample of anything you would to try.It can be challange to get inside the Scottsdale Mall at times.But, on this day it was not too bad,(during the week) and early in the day.It is a place,with lots to see and try. Loads of people wanting to help you as well. [SEP]
4	Roka Akor Scottsdale is an extension of the Roka in London.I attended the opening night and a follow up for lunch the following day. Overall, I was with the offerings of sushi, and robata grilled tidbits. The dish that really me over was crab pot and the creamy rice was absolutely zoftik.I drank many sochu infused cocktails, and three bottles of sake with Kikisake-shi, Sayaka Watanabe. This Japanese sake sommelier is London-based and the zuma-roka group sake trainer. They do have a sake selection. Easily the in Scottsdale. She my sake brand I created with Midorikawa called Green River, and my low alcohol brand sake, Koide, as well.They also have a Italian Sommelier named Alessandro Marchesan, who is also based out of London. Too they are only loaner personnel from HQ in London.The room is and with post Asian inspired lines. The staff is and young, but quite in service. I am sure that will be a long cycle for the Roka management to fix. I have a dear friend who dined there on her birthday. She told me the service was bad. She then reiterated that is was, so that it was entertainingly bad! The food and hopefully the service will match soon. Kanpai, Roka..kudos on your sake program. [SEP]
4	Been dining here about a year and still trying diff things from the menu and all have been good. I don't think the heat is unedible even the plates are just hot. [SEP]
5	gelato - some of the I've ever had! The guy behind the counter is the owner, and he takes in his gelato.They only use real sugar, not high fructose corn syrup, and nothing contains hydrogenated oil.I tasted a few flavors and settled on the coconut... it was sublime. Definitely some of the Gelato I have ever had. When I need a mid day sugar rush... I'll be back! [SEP]
3	We've been in the market looking for a church for the family to start attending. Chandler Christian seemed to be a offering since they are located close to the house and have a size to offer something for each group (parents & children). I've gotten some reviews from a family that I know that attends. I that they have a service on Saturday, as that is ALWAYS a plus for me.The sermon for today was an one, and it seemed to be relevant and on topic for today. The pastor took an updated slant to the story to make it a bit more relevant to today's time. My husband was even laughing at the pastor's jokes. My mother-in-law even commented on how she the music. I did notice that the verses that they pulled up were not the verses that I remember. I believe it's due to them using a different version.All of this being said, the service seemed to be a one. The signage indicated that this was non-denomination; however, the service reminded me one Baptist services from childhood. [SEP]
4	Who the doesn't huge amounts of toilet paper and samples of food... come on now! [SEP]
5	steak I have ever eaten is at Ruth's Chris steakhouse. Comes to your table sizzling hot. Sides are sold individually but are good. The deserts and appetizers are awesome. Being an place be prepared to take a hit in the wallet. If you really want to a date this would be a place to do it. [SEP]
5	The last time I was at The Vig, they me.. You see, they have these glass doors that they open up in the back of the restaurant when its out, and sometimes, when you go through those doors from the outside to take a trip to the loo, they close them on you, so an asshole, you attempt to walk back outside the way you came, but instead you your head and knees into the glass window in front of 35 people. Be mindful of this.But hey, at least they had the most wine specials that night and I was saucy to laugh it off and take a bow. And then I hid in the bocce ball pit for the remainder of the evening where I somehow acquired 200 bruises. I the Vig. Even when I'm the out of myself. [SEP]
4	burgers and menu offerings. You would expect to get a burger with a name that and you do. The potato fries, Frenched onions, and Salmon Salad are very too. The decor, location, and menu are restaurant alternative for the area. The menu was a little and little yet the quality of the food is there and considering the location of the restaurant pricing isn't an issue. I do to restaurant to others. [SEP]
3	Ahhh... Zinc. It's been a while since I have left Paris. Being a resident and citizen there for so long, I would to think I can spot a French fare. I have now been to Zinc three times, every time I ordered something different, so far the food has not as much as the prices have. Wow.Okay, okay, you have a spot in Scottdale, it's a little area with plenty of traffic, designer furniture and nick-nack and artsy stores that typically have things that would require your to take out a 2nd mortgage to those things that often just gather dust, one season at a time at home. You would think someone on that strip would be the one to say, let's have prices. Zinc is not one of those.The restaurant has the name Bistro in it. They have folks dining out on the sidewalk, dining with and the occasional of BMW exausts... That's and very Parisian, also very Bistro. Here is a wake up call though... Bistros offer fares with prices, a prix fixe menu and simply simple food. The prices were high for what you do get. the of having an outdoor patio and serving fries in newspaper doesn't cut it. The Steak Frites (a hanger steak w/ fries and a brandy sauce) is a French Bistro Classic, a staple if you will and that was the only thing that was prices for what you get. But if you knew how much those cuts are to get from a supplier, you'd be asking questions about the prices even then.On two of those occasions we had cheese plates, it was more of a mix and match, you could pick from a few Chevres, Softs and cheeses, they were small portions but the breads that came with the platter was very tasty, and fresh. It is typically served with a ramkin of olives.So overall, sounds I am this restaurant, I am not but I am dieing to find a reason to go back because there is something about it, the atmosphere, the lighting, the seasonal menu. But little things keep me from Zinc. Such as the time we sat at the secluded back part of the restaurant, the small courtyard. Very charming, though some of the waiters, and cooks smoked outside of the courtyard's gates. The of cigarettes and mumbled caused us to ask for another table, when we did, we were all the sudden looked as customers. One more tip Zinc, you may want to get the mall janitor to move his can from the view of your utmost beatiful courtyard, such promise, undelivered due to that could have been prevented by an manager or even a caring waite staff.Don't miss: Dining in the courtyard, or the sidewalk.Skip: Specials that are simply [SEP]
5	I'm so this store is located so close to my house! Every time I come to this store I get service. I mainly use this store to get food items for my dog or the grooming salon - where Zombi has never had a experience. This location also has a Banfield Vet Hospital, PetsHotel, Doggie Day Camp, Training services and at times has adoptions. My friend has used both the PetsHotel and the Doggie Day Camp for her pooch and has never had a experience. I also used the Banfield Vet to get Zombi up-to-date on her Rabies and the Vet was nice. The part was that I didn't even have an appointment, I just walked in and they were able to fit me in after a five minute wait.My only pet (pun intended) is there is usually only one cashier working and the line can get long. However, it doesn't take long for another employee to open up another line to speed up the check-out experience AND they usually show up on their own, without customers about only having one cashier. Bonus! [SEP]
4	A relaxing place to have wine, and talk with the very knowledgable (what is the difference between cab franc and Carménère), service (waitress came on time and performed pourings properly) and (well at least the waitress) staff. Blue/Black diamond wine bar - for me and deliberate by the wine bar - Medium/Advanced wine patrons come on down. Newbies stay away because you're not going to get educated. Just dont tell anyone about the place during live music night...I continue to come back year after year when i am in phoenix because of the athmosphere and wine selection. Very extensive wine selection (3000+ bottles) on file make you where are they hiding it all in this location. And now the critque:Waitstaff has a bit of the starbucks effect where they are act with an aire of being than the patrons. They serve Bistro and flatbread style food - perhaps my choice was but it over salted my palatte to the point it started to strip the roof of my mouth. With such a wine list, a little more probing from the waitstaff to make the pairing out would be helpful. If you're going to act than the patron, be more 'intrusive' in pair the menu.I am used to wine bars around the country and the prices are above average most likely caused by the scottsdale area effect. Finally, bring your black going out to the club outfit - seems to be the uniform of choice of this speakeasy-like patrons. athmo to take and sauce liberally your date.Give it a shot. [SEP]
4	I always forget and tell people that Pomeroy's is on Central. I think it must just be that - I'm trying to pull it closer to the other really places to go. It is, in fact, on 7th St. and if you tie it on a little tight, the grocery behind is, in fact, open late. It looks a bar that should have a few regular bar flies and music that screeches to a halt when someone new walks in. And by that, I mean it's the most endearingly divey of bars.There's shuffleboard, just give your id to the bartender in return for the pucks. There's pool, but you pay quarters for that. The juke box is electronic and you should expect that you're gonna hear Def Leppard at least once during the night. The regulars will help you learn darts, the food is griddle-fare and the guys behind the bar are always for a chat or to grab you a pint. Pomeroy's should definitely be on your rotation of places to be in Phoenix. [SEP]
4	This is the second time we visited India Gate. The service was as as the last time we were there. The waiters are and friendly, to explain in detail what and how each dishes were made (for those of us who has no idea what some of the items are on the menu)Cozy place to have a meal, price. [SEP]
5	I visited this place in January while I was in Phoenix and I the food! My vegan friend suggested this place to me and my other friend (we were that vegan food could taste good)...she proved us wrong!The food here was delicious, I'd eat here regularly if I lived in Phoenix! When we arrived, we were about the hours since we got there close to closing time, but they were cool! We shared the samosas and buffalo wings for appetizers. I ordered the Thai Peanut bowl with chicken and noodles for my entree. I felt everything was flavored and while I meat normally, this opened my mind to trying other vegetarian places in the future. I the ambiance here, place to grab a bite with friends and chill. It was the place to stop by after a busy weekend! I'll be back next time I'm in the area. [SEP]
5	This is one of my little in Phoenix. I've never had pho than here. I usually order the spicy beef sate pho, which is miles above the rare beef pho. My family and I also order the pork spicy treats which is a roll-your-own spring roll. It's and fun! One order feeds all five of us. The owner is also extremely nice. They also offer discounts to ASU students! Have to that. [SEP]
4	I just this place and I always leave feeling and relaxed. Highly any of their spa treatments. [SEP]
3	I that walking through the doors of the Sugar Bowl is taking a step back in time but what I don't is that it looks it hasn't been cleaned or had any restoration done since the day it opened. Lets be though, I didn't come here for the decor, I came for the ice cream. I was very when I saw the sundae covered in chocolate, cherries and marshmallow creme. I marshmallow creme and chocolate, always a recipe for when these two ingredients are combined. Well, no luck. They were out of marshmallow creme. I got a brownie sundae instead, only ate half and decided that it was only ok. I probably won't go back to this place. There are too many dessert options out there. Though if my friends insisted, I would more than likely oblige. [SEP]
1	Im going to have to agree Whole heartedly. And i informed the manager of it as well. I picked this one because it was close to the Airport and the Light Rail. The from the Airport wasnt to bad. But it was the Train Horns all NIGHT LONG and ALL MORNING when your trying to sleep. I wouldnt pick this one, the neighborhood wasnt despite what people say. But the Train is just unbearable. I got it for the Click 6 rate which was reasonable. Stay Elsewhere. I should of picked one further down that was off the light rail. [SEP]
1	I should have taken my own advice and stayed far away from this place. Our most recent visit ended when I was served tuna and got barely a from the staff. I could that the fish had gone horribly, horribly off when the ahi tuna salad was put before me by the waiter, and I'm that the kitchen actually thought they'd get away with sending it out. The waiter disappeared so quickly from my table that I had to go hunt him down to point out the at my table was coming from the food, and he took my plate back to the kitchen and five minutes later came back to say, okay, we all it and there's definitely something there.Seriously? You had to go pass it around to confirm that I'm not when you can tell within ten seconds that this is not how raw fish should smell? After all this, their solution was to comp an appetizer, not the salad, and eventually gave me a new salad to go, which I decided not to eat just to be on the side. Look, I'm not to eat week old leftovers or sushi at a divey joint and I don't really get freaked out by the of restaurants, but this could have been dangerous. I have absolutely off all my coworkers and friends against this place, and now I'm all of Yelp. It could have been handled in a way that left me that it was just another new restaurant kink, but the service made it that's not the case and I shudder to think of what new low they'll to. [SEP]
2	These donuts don't taste anymore. They have an aftertaste they are using a different type of oil [SEP]
2	Had a UYE get-together with Brian S. & Norm R. today to give this little Venezuelan cafe a try. I had a Carne Esmechada Patacon, which is a sandwich with slices of plantain for the & bottom, crisp. (A plantain is something a huge banana.) Inside was a moderate amount of shredded beef & some other things. It was good, but it cost $6, & for a full-sized meal you would have to add a couple of other things in the $4 range, & end up at about $15 for your lunch!For half the price, I would give it twice as many Stars. [SEP]
5	this place. staff. Always a treat to see what's cooking on the weekend. I don't mind standing in line to order. way to meet new friends and talk to old ones. Ask Kiersten about the cortadito. [SEP]
3	This theatre is very located in the Arrowhead mall which of course makes parking a breeze. It isn't my in town because there always seem to be tons of teenagers here (i'm sure BECAUSE it is in the mall) and yes I know if they are too then we are too old. In any case the theatres are busy and bustling. The seem very high but I guess that is a trade-off for the convenience. [SEP]
4	this studio! Teachers are and accomodating. This is possibly one of the yoga classes I have studied. This is a place where you sweat your ass off while listening to music and meditating. Sumits Yoga and the studio in Chandler. part is the practice is expanding so check out the website. www.sumitsyoga.com [SEP]
5	Bakery is one of those places that you can count on for always having something when your driving around wanting more than a burger and not a sit down meal with a waiter. I the Cranberry Turkey sandwich with fruit. The thing to consider is that you can get a whole or a half on the sandwich of your choice.Once you feel about the choices you've made you encounter the cookie section at the register. All I'm going to say is that the chocolate chip is to for!! The chocolate chips just melt in your hands!! Doesn't get any than that!! Bakery does also have a breakfast should you want a place to go after a hike or just want to treat yourself and a friend to place to visit. Put Bakery on your always list!! [SEP]
4	I think half the of a used bookstore is the hunt. This used bookstore is organized than some of my old haunts in Dallas but I will survive.I think of used bookstores similar to looking through your Grandmother's attic at her book collection - it isn't supposed to be all and new.Bookman's has a selection of books, I've found an entire collection of Rishdie one afternoon! Of course it is always going to be a crapshoot but that is just the way it is in used books. [SEP]
5	Some of the Italian food I have ever had. This is a for my wife and I. Sima and Marcellino are very people, very inviting. The bar is small but to out at. The food is always and delicious.Watch out for Marcellino - he to push the truffles. [SEP]
4	Merc Bar reminds me of a friend's basement...but your friend who has the basement with the bar and 70s lighting fixtures. (I think it's the wood paneling that gives it this feel for me.) I that they have magazines you can read, it just drives in that you're at home feeling a little bit more. But yes, its very dimly lit. I remarked that I thought Bonnie was and they did run out of lightbulbs.... We were there early in the night and it was very laid back. (My husband was in shorts) I didn't get a vibe.The bartender was good, although I asked for a drink with Ketel One, Red Bull, champagne and grapefruit juice and he gave me one with Ketel One, champagne, Chambord and pineapple. Close, I guess. They have bag hooks under the bar which is something that I haven't seen much of here in Arizona and I was really about that. (I having to sling my bag off the chair or lay it on the bar.) Oh, it looked they might have wi fi because there was a dude in a chair with his mac laptop.Update:Ok, so I came home from Merc Bar one night to write an update to discover it was the ROTD! conicidence, eh? This time out we were there on a Saturday night which is a little more hopping than an early Friday evening. Still casual though, people in jeans, sneakers, t-shirts. (There were people who were more dressed up, but there was definitely those who weren't.) We were seated at a table this time which I would suggest since it gets full. Even though it was a Saturday night I still didn't get a vibe, it was a laid back atmosphere. Our waitress was a little slow, we had to flag her down every time we wanted something which was a little and she didn't know what a Kir Royale was. The music was good, chosen, and not too loud.I really dig it here....I actually don't mind driving all the way to Phoenix to come here! [SEP]
5	True Mexican street fare - at first a little for this Gringa, but it was awesome. The owner Dan (who happens to be a Culinary Institute trained chef) put together a pack for us. Everything is small and cheap, so you can get a whole bunch of different stuff to try. $30 fed 5 people.On the NE corner of 19th Ave & Glendale, next to 7-11. Give 'em a try - you won't be disappointed! [SEP]
5	I had lunch at Lon's and wow, what a experience. food, service and ambiance outside. I met the Chef at an event and he was less than friendly. Maybe he was having a day? His unfriendliness aside, this is a must try if you are in the area. [SEP]
5	I this place! Been to a few different locations and the pizza is always excellent. Yesterday, my boyfriend stopped by the Camelback and 10th St. location and picked up pizzas to take home (he called in advance, as the pizza takes at least 30 min). I had a veggie, tomato, basil, garlic, and he had a meat combo-pepp and sausage. So delicious. The only he had was the parking situation there. It is kind of tough, but it. I absolutely Oregano's! [SEP]
4	Came in a couple of weeks ago with my cousin and we both really what we had ordered. We came in during the hour and got 3 appetizers: Baba Ganoush, Tzatziki and Feta & Olives. My was the feta and olives. I the Tzatziki but it was a little too minty for my taste. If there was a way for the mint to be toned down a lot, it would be much better. The pita bread was very soft, and warm. Very complimentary. I'd to come back and try the Spanakopita, Mediterranean Garlic Shrimp and perhaps see if the Tzatziki could be less minty. Delish! [SEP]
1	I was really with this place. I should have known when we walked in on Saturday at 12:30 PM and there was no one (not exagerating) there. But we were hungry and so we stayed. I wanted shrimp tacos but no shrimp at tacos del MAR...just fish that you need to order 5 minutes ahead because they need to microwave it. It's breaded and precut...couldn't they at least get the kind that has different shapes and looked it wasn't completely processed? The kids had bean burritos which they usually anywhere but didn't at all. My husband's chicken burrito tasted a school cafeteria. The clincher was that the unsweetened ice tea tasted rancid. I think they let the tea bags go or something. and how that they don't have seafood. Wahoo tacos from La Jolla please come here to AZ!!! [SEP]
3	Very hour. Its inside but the beer prices are and they have sliders, chips and salsa. [SEP]
5	What a restaurant! Absolutely my experience at Tarbells. I've been hearing rave reviews for quite sometime and decided to try it out recently. My party and I sat at the bar, which was a choice because the bar was comfortable, rather large and really social and fun. The bartender (young woman) was fabulous, inviting and very nice! She was very attentive. A guest in my party dines at Tarbells often and she had his drink in front of him by the time we walked to the end of the bar.....Now thats some customer service for ya!Food = We started with the Calamari. A dish of mine and this one was outstanding. Two very different but dipping sauces. A roasted red pepper and a pesto mix. Not sure which one I more :) I the pan-seared jumbo sea scallops. TO FOR. I am a huge scallop fan and these were done just right. Caramelized, giving them the amount a sweet....and it was served over very yummy risotto. Another dish by my party was the Fennel Sausage Pasta dish, the fennel sausage was AMAZING. Overall experience was fantastic, as soon as I get another opportunity I will be dining here again! :) [SEP]
5	NOTE: I only had take-out, and it was brought to me by my boss. She rules!She got me a hummus/grilled/marinated chicken combo. It has 3 different hummus...es...es (HA!): roasted red pepper, jalapeno and plain ole' hummus. They are sectioned off in the big plastic container, which rules for my OCD, as I don't my food touching. In the center is a PILE (a total monton!) of grilled chicken. It's got some sort or spicy rub on it, but not too much kick. It had been marinated, too. And tender....I think this is the most chicken I have ever had. It made my own spots as juicy as the chicken was!I'm not big on pita, so instead she got me a side of cukes. This thing weighs a ton and I've been eating it for 2 hours. I have made a in my Make me Yelp boyshorts. [SEP]
2	These are not real French treats. I'm surprised some of the reviewers say they've been to Paris. First of all, they're not macaroons (those are Jewish coconut cookies) they are macarons (one o) and these were the most amateur macarons I've seen. The feet are big (the feet are the rim of the cookie) and the cookie body itsself is airy and thin whereas a true macaron is light but doesn't actually have air pockets in it (the cookie dough is still present throughout). The filling is not ganache it should be - it's a buttercream you use for cupcakes. Chocolate croissant was so I'll add a star for that. [SEP]
5	I live in LA where these shops are on every corner. I can say without a doubt, this is the FroYo I've had!On of that, the store staff is super-friendly and the place is clean. They are also serving gelato, pastries and coffee/espresso. Check it out! [SEP]
4	Out doing some shopping w/the Ms, Stopped in for a quick bit to eat & was the place packed! She had never been & I had to see the Hostess for a table, when two seats at the bar opened up. Now my honey doesn't useually sitting at the bar stools as she has a back but we were kind of in a hurry, as is everyone this time of year. I hadn't been in a Chompies since 1980...WoW what a mistake, I forgot how quick the service was & how the food was!!!! My girl even said the bar stools were comfrotable & that this was here new favorit place! I will be back soon! [SEP]
5	will review after I eat. Ok so we ordered a Mongolian beef combo plate, sesame chicken (YUM) and pork rice , and and pork. This was really really food. prices. When we are in the area we will definitely go back. [SEP]
5	This is a store for your needs. They are open until 8pm too which is nice. [SEP]
1	Wow. I'm not even going to wait until I'm done before leaving a review. I just placed my order, 30 minutes after sitting down.11:35 - Sit at a table for 8 an order drinks. So far so good.11:39 - Things were going alright when we had a table of 8, but when a few more people showed up to attempt to give Floridino's some money in return for a quick lunch, all loose.11:41 - There was a room next to us with a bunch of empty tables. You can't sit in there. We don't have a server in there. Screw it, we picked up our drinks and moved in. If they can serve us at that table, they can serve us one table over in this other room.11:45 - We asked to see the manager.11:50 - We can get you drinks in here, but not food. We have to wait for a table to open up out there. Then we can serve you.11:52 - Someone who looks a manager peeks into the room and leaves. We still haven't spoken to a manager...11:55 - We don't want to the kitchen. (Hmm.. If you didn't want to the kitchen, maybe you should have taken my order 20+ minutes ago...)12:05 - They're taking our food orders in the Room. I guess they're not as to accepting our money as they us to believe.12:32 - Just received my food in the Room. much exactly an hour after I got here.You suck, Floridino's. [SEP]
4	KIerland Commons is a development. Lots of shopping, restaurants, lofts, etc.... Only for me is that I live in Scottsdale and frequent the Scottsdale Public Library, therefore I want my tax dollars to go into Scottsdale's coffers so I will try to do most of my shopping and dining across the street at the Scottsdale Quarter (except for Zinc Bistro - I'll keep going to Zinc regardless of what zip code it's in). [SEP]
4	I hadnt been there in years, and it was all I remembered. I went with a coupon that I go purchased on the Living social website. Champagne toast, appertizer, salad and all you can eat entree. They also do a photo for you. Very and romantic. But the food was fantastic. We had the cheese fondue that was just delicous. The meat course was also wonderful. But the thing that really made our experience great, was waiter. He was great, and and he was there when you needed him.But I do not suggest turning up there without a reservation. You can make reservations online, very quick and and you get a confirmation. [SEP]
5	Still my most dog ever and I think the is in the presentation. They've got the dog sleeve. It holds the dog, lots of chili and it's not messy.Another must have is a Cherry Lime Squeeze; Sprite, Cherry flavor, squeezed limes and maraschino cherries. [SEP]
5	Healing hands! A dedicated, professional therapist/intricate bodyworker who listens to your needs to develope an treatment. Focused in addressing my health and goals. A message no other that left me feeling with the added of spot on nutritional advise ... an overall for your health! To feel ... highly recommended!!!!!!!! [SEP]
5	I go there often. the food. the atmosphere. beers & usually service [SEP]
3	So I'm torn on how to rate this place star-wise because honestly, there were a few things that were 10 stars and there were a few things that were 1 star. So let me it down for you. We walked in to this little spot on the Sunday before Memorial Day and it was about half full. It looked it was VERY groovy but I seriously had to use my phone to walk around because it was SO dark. We sat at the bar and not one of the bartenders addressed us for 15 minutes. Maybe they couldn't see us? Anyhoo the wine list is and I was having a time choosing something. The one bartender that finally waited on us had NO personality. I asked for a taste of a few things they had by the glass. They sounded very but I had never heard of quite a few of them and I myself on knowing my wine. The first one I tried was a syrah blend that had something to do with chocolate and it was just that...too chocolatey. My friend ordered a glass of the Justin Cabernet which is always a bet. I then asked for the Tannat they had by the glass. It was awful. It taste it had been opened for days. I told our personality challenged bartender and he went and tattled on us to maybe the manager? The manager then came over and was if a bit at first. He said have you ever had a Tannat? and I said actually, all the time, I know what they're about and that is no Tannat he then did agree with me and said just tell me what you're looking for I told him I wanted a Cabernet Franc or Grenache which they didn't have either by the glass. He ended up pouring me something that really was delicious. He definitely redeemed the evening because he was professional and helpful. We then ordered the flatbread with pesto and a few different cheeses and it was seriously one of the flatbreads I've ever had. They had two guys playing live music and they were very good. So my down is:Atmosphere - 4Attitude - 1 except for the bartender, he gets a 10Flatbread - 10QPR - 10...for those non-winey's this is quality price ratio [SEP]
2	If I've come to your Starbucks over 30x within 5 months and you still don't learning how to pronounce my name then I don't know what to say. I always order the same drink: quad espresso with 3 pumps of white mocha and 80% of the time they don't get my order right! The baristas always ask if I want water or milk with it.. Seriously? I ordered a espresso for a reason. If I wanted water or milk then I would've ordered something else and NOT an espresso! And my drink is one of the drinks to make too!! Just brew 4 shots, mix in white mocha syrup and add ice.. But they always somehow up by asking me questions. If it weren't for this sb being the closest to school, I would definitely frequent the Thunderbird location! [SEP]
3	Sushi is absolutely nothing to write home about. They have hour all day everyday, which is a way to start your night. The Korean pork tacos are bomb! location in Old Town Snottsdale. the staff and atmosphere! [SEP]
1	Went to Sol for restaurant week. Was less than with the salad with MIA avocados, the carnitas that were very and boring, the rice was delicious, however the black beans tasted aspirin, dessert was a dulche flan that was hard, and icky. Service was average, took 2 hours to get thru dinner. part was the wine and beer!Cheers to SOL, we wont be returning. [SEP]
4	This is a spot. It does live up to its name in that the restaurant has a posh, bistro ambience to it. You can get burgers a la carte by getting them in 3oz, 6oz, or 9oz sizes, so it's possible to mix and match to try different burgers. I had the Wagyu (kobe beef) and the Lamb, and they were average. Meat wasn't extremely or anything and the bun was so-so. potato fries and onion rings were really though. They have several four peaks and Canyon pilsner on tap. I think overall the food is par to a cut above par, but I don't think I go there for the food - it's definitely a experience everytime you eat at Stax and the varieties of burgers are what makes it. Check it out! [SEP]
5	Had a birthday dinner at CIBO last night. This was about the 3rd or 4th time visiting this house turned restaurant, and now is the time to YELP. CIBO has appetizer of antipasti that played with my taste buds! to make your own brushettas.... My husband and I shared the Rustica delightful, delicious, delectable.... And the creps...what can I say...I didn't need it, but I wanted it, so I had it, so there! Fresca creps with fruit, vanilla ice cream and whip....Mmmm...food coma. service and birthday! [SEP]
3	One of the reviewers said this owner wants to run a restaurant - I completely agree. That has sides and of course in short it isn't Palette ... We stopped in for brunch last Sunday - the French Toast is Challah [which I love] restaurant-baked I think - and seemingly not fully baked - the center was dough. The eggs were - the restaurant-made salsa verde was excellent; the Schreiners sausage as expected. That was all we had - quality not a compelling reason to return ... until the service is factored in - and friendly. I'll be back to try dinner. [SEP]
5	I was surprised by the depth and distinctness of the olive oil. I was expecting oiliness with hints of flavor, but instead was surprised by bold flavors carried on an already flavorful oil. This place far outshines other oil stores which add flavor essence to their oil. They infuse the flavors here, making them and more authentic.Overall, oil and balsamic vinegar. Try their food, such as the sandwiches. And definitely try as many oil samples as you can. The oil is not too expensive, ~$20 per bottle. it if you to use it on bread or to add some flavor to a salad. [SEP]
5	cajun food in town, not just from a truck. Phoenix doesn't have the selection of cajun offerings so I was at Food Truck Friday to find Jamburrito. They have a selection of meats & meals considering it's from a truck.The spices were - just spicy to but nothing that's going to harm. I had the catfish once and the jamburrito twice... not in one sitting because the portions are VERY filling. [SEP]
4	Planet Sub is definitely a option for solid, tasting subs. I'm next door at Gangplank a couple times a week and we usually hit this place up for lunch. It's much than the last place that was in this spot, has tons of options (we decided you could eat lunch there for a month and not have the same sandwich), and staff. I'm definitely they put this in. It's a option in the downtown Chandler area. [SEP]
5	service, atmosphere and of course food. My wife and I decided on Blue 32 last night for dinner. We have been there many times, but we felt we needed to share our experience. We sitting at the bar having a few drinks and visiting other patrons. Around 9:50 we realized the kitchen would be closing. I asked Daniel and Baeley the bartenders what time the kitchen served dinners of course he stated 10:00pm OOPS. But Daniel said they would prepare what ever we wanted. I asked him to check to see if they have already started to up first. We do not to ask the kitchen staff to prepare dinner if they had already began or completed up. Daniel returned to say that yes they had finished the grill, but he again repeated that they would still prepare anything we wanted. At that time we declined to have the kitchen staff prepare anything. But a moment later, Roman the chef came up to us and stated that he would be more than to prepare whatever we wanted. Still we were not wanting to make such a request that late, but with his and personality he still insisted that they were more than willing. So we asked him to pick and prepare something of his choice which turned out to be the two burgers that we have in a long time, a Bacon Cheese Burger and his speciality Texan Jalapeno Burger both with extra crispy bacon just the way we it. SOOOOO....we would highly Blue 32 and it's staff including by name, Roman the chef and Daniel and Baeley the bartenders. Every time we have gone to Blue 32 we have had nothing but a experience, this place is a must!!! [SEP]
4	The date is the vanilla ever with little tiny pieces of chopped up dates coming up through the straw the whole time.Awesome. [SEP]
4	We went early, so we didn't have any of the seating others have mentioned. The decor and was neat, and the bartender was and attentive. I agree that the drinks are -- but the White Rabbit was amazing. I'm not a big fan of mixed drinks generally, but horchata and white chocolate liqueur? Awesome! I'll definitely be back. place! [SEP]
3	The Doubletree is the resort we go to when we don't feel paying to much for Scottsdale resort. They have rate rooms if you are a triple A members also.The pools are just a place to go and out for the day if you don't fee checking out the Scottsdale area.The bed are OK I can't say its the night sleep, but they do serve their purpose. The rooms could be nicer, our bathtub had so I was standing in water while taking a shower.This last stay I did order room service and they said it would take 45 mins, but it took more then an hour for it to get to me and all I ordered was a salad. They were doing some kind of construction with some of the rooms, so it was during the mid day. [SEP]
4	i used to come here all the time with my family, after we'd head over here for some pizza and salad! Pablo Picasso Mexico Salad. was sent from heaven, one thing. I haven't actually had it since I became vegetarian a couple months ago, but the salad without chicken would not be a miss!! You may be curious to know why we haven't been here in so long, just ONCE we saw a cockroach on the wall that grossed us out, and that's why this place a star. Other than that, I it without a doubt. Thin crust pizza is way than the deep dish here! [SEP]
1	I would not this place to anyone. I went there looking for a gift. I received no help. The girl was too busy the wives of the baseball players. I guess you need a large bank account to receive help in this store. Also, they did not have a very selection of items. I think I will take my business to other stores who care about their customers. [SEP]
5	I took my computer to RedSeven recently when my friends were calling and telling me I had a that was sending out gobs of email every fifteen mins. I had no idea my computer was infected. I was to do so because I needed my computer to do some work. No worries, the fellas over at RedSeven hooked me up with a loaner. I was able to get online and get my done and get my home PC back the next day without missing a beat. I was going to take my computer to one of those BIG BOX store repair places. I am so I didnt. A friend of mine took their PC there and when it came back all of their family pictures, music and email was gone. I will only be using RedSeven in the future and I suggest you do the same. [SEP]
5	I have to admit, I normally don't Chinese food. In fact, it's just about the only style of food I haven't in with at some point in my life. This is a real when you live with someone that would for Chinese food at all hours of the day/night. I figured out why I never Chinese food when I first ate at Asian Cafe Express. It's because everything I've had has been Americanized Chinese Food!!! It was an epiphany and seriously music to my tastebuds when I actually found Chinese food I not only liked, I LOVED! Having Chinese food changed my opinion completely about this cuisine.I have to agree with the others... save yourself the time and skip the first few pages. Go straight to the back of the menu to find Hong Kong Style fare. mother of god, everything I've tried has been and each time I leave saying it was the meal I've tried thus far. Everything is extremely and the service is superb. The wait staff are always very and about their food. They'll be quick to something if you're having a time deciding. Just ask! [SEP]
4	Finally tried the only real Chinese food restaurant in Maricopa. Played it with & Chicken, Crab Rangoon, and Pork Rice. With delivery, it was only $14 +tip. The rice was great, it was a little more of the East Coast style I grew up with, w/ lots of juicy nuggets of roast pork. The chicken was good, but then again, it was a (VERY) choice, next time I'll try one of the Chef's Specialties. Crab Rangoon was good, unlike Panda Express, there was crab (krab?) in the cream cheese. If you're in Maricopa and craving Chinese, don't go to Panda Express, definitely give Wall a try, it's in the same plaza as Panda and if your party is 2 or more, you'll save yourself some money! [SEP]
5	Sex or Tobacco? yeah!!!! were not looking for vanilla yes' here, this place pulls out all the stopsIf Ichi Yakaguru the new york club and 9yo Japanese pimp needed anything, it could be found here.The selection of DVD's and printed material i have come by in awhile... lots of Toys so much stuff a lot of it is above the head, so look up.Lingerie, Tobacco, Human Fire Hydrants, Hobos with Soap Sud Beards [SEP]
4	The wifey and I went here last night and it was good. I had some pork dish that was and she had filet mignon tacos that were as well. I really should have taken note of the exact dish name I had but alas... I did not. Anyways, atmosphere, staff and really food. The only reason I'm not giving them a 5 is because they charge for chips and salsa and their salsa was weak. By I mean not spicy. Come on, put some peppers in there! [SEP]
3	We'd wanted to try this place for a while. We went there for lunch and had a cheeseburger, fries, and coke. Everything is ala carte which makes it a little pricy (came to nearly $9). The burgers are OK, not bad, but not as big or as as I'd hoped. The fries were really though...extra crispy. The atmosphere is really and friendly. We had our 9 month old and there weren't any high chairs that we could see, so it made it for us to eat (one had to hold her the whole time). Overall it was a place but not as as I'd expected. We will try it for breakfast though sometime because the ratings on that seem to be good. [SEP]
4	I went here with my parents on a Friday evening. We had to wait about 40 min, but decided to order a couple of drinks while we waited. Once we finally got seated, I decided to order the Chicken Madeira, which is their most dish. It was sooo good! It was a huge portion, but I somehow managed to finish it. I can see why everyone it! My dad ordered the Ahi and had to get them cook it more b/c it was practically raw and cold. It was probably supposed to be that, but he didn't know what he was getting himself into. They took extra care in getting this done - both our waiter and the manager came over to make sure they were on the same page as my dad before cooking it more thoroughly. They also brought my dad a house salad while he waited. We decided to end our meals by all a piece of their Peanut Butter Cup cheesecake. OMG. So good. Most importantly, we found that the service at this location was really good! Our waiter was funny, and rolled with the punches...nothing seemed to phase him. [SEP]
5	Been here twice now and wish I could say more. The food is delicious, the set up is really relaxing and service is great. A place to take an out of town guest. hour menu has these tofu tacos that I highly recommend. My boyfriend had the Pork tacos which he said were also delish. Definitely check this place out!! [SEP]
5	Mims Burger & Mexican Food was revealed to me by my sister and sometimes when I think about it (even when I JUST ate), my stomach growls. The restaurant itself just sitting there and waiting for your food to arrive.The name would sort of, you know, ordinarily turn me off from trying the place because I think when restaurants serve this AND this they usually just serve two different forms of food, both of which suck. Mims serves legitimately Mexican food, burgers, hotdogs and everything else.Even if you're NOT in the area, it's going a bit out of your way for it.Five stars. Places don't get much better. [SEP]
1	I was searching for a unique item to give as a You gift and I stopped by Practical Art over the Labor Day weekend after viewing some items on their website. I was extremely under underwhelmed by the service I received and do not plan on returning. When I arrived the young woman behind the counter was having a personal conversation with an acquaintance. Besides the employee and her conversation buddy the store was empty. I spent about ten minutes looking around and the young woman did not have the common courtesy to acknowledge me with a simple Hello, even as I was viewing items directly in front of the counter. When I was leaving the store she did long to say Bye.I believe it is very to local business but I will not spend my money here. I did find several items I wanted to buy and made note of the artist. I have done the extra leg to reach out to them to find out how to purchase their items through other channels. I do not feel they should a sale due to the sub par customer service at this location. [SEP]
2	Vegan Mexican with a urban funk to it. Should it work? I dont know. Did it work? Not really.We walked in, it was empty and after 20 seconds a surprised guy walked in and greets us. We take out seat on the purple booths and browse the menu while we sip watermelon water. Things got a bit from there.The menu had many options, but each one we tried to order we found out that the didn't have chips, mushrooms or chorizo, key ingredients in many of the things on the menu. We had to just ask what can we order.We ordered and waited, as the sun set it became quite as no one had turned on the lights. Another customer walked in but the waiter was busy working as a cook. It became even as we waited. The other customer finally was given a menu and the lights were turned on, however it was still dark. Our tacos came, they were a bit small we each had 2.5 tacos I assume the 1/2 a taco to make up for the of chips on the side.The tacos them selves were good, flavors crunch etc. for $8-$9 they should be good. However the other in as we were leaving, we were still hungry and after $21 and 45 min we were less than happy.The next day they had posted a photo to Facebook, not about their food, or a special but look how how our waiter/cook is. So I guess if you want to look at toned male waiter this is your spot. Otherwise there are many kinks that need to be out. [SEP]
1	Went into the location and waited minutes for someone to appear to ask us for our order and even after we said Hello they didn't acknowledge us. Had to repeat order several times. It was very how nothing seemed to be in stock, no philly cheese steak nor soup was available. I heard someone as I was leaving being told some type of bread wasn't (which is actually understandable, condiments and bread sometimes run out or need to be retrieved/baked). Felt we were being rushed and just didn't feel a place. Will not go back. [SEP]
4	Hubs booked this kitschy place for us because, - the other options in the-middle-of-nowhere-AZ were very slim and besides, who doesn't want to stay in motel called Space Age Lodge? And man! So surprised! I thought we'd be staying in a very outdated motel room. I mean let's face it, most motels that claim newly remodeled usually just put in a new tv. But when we opened the door we found new furniture, a very bed, new lighting, flat screen tv and a rather large and new mini fridge. It was really - compared to other Western's I've visited. The train is behind the hotel, but to be honest, the A/C was cranking the entire time we were there (Arizona in June) so we could hardly hear it. And to it off - we got breakfast! Not just a continental one either. We had our pick of any breakfast entree and beverage. Came out to a little over $20 of food! Basically made the room rate $60. Yeah for the UFO place!!! [SEP]
4	We've got another first timer here...!I am just as as the next person that after many years in Seattle, I had never had Bubble Tea. Gasp! You can get it almost as as Starbucks. I learned it's also called Boba and maybe one other name. It's all the same to me. Same-same.I had my first boba initiation at the recent Office Hours with Gabi. I was completely by the options presented to me: what type of chewies (for the record, that term just doesn't seem right), base drink, optional flavorings, etc. It was a lot for this gal to handle. Luckily, Alica B. was at my side me down the boba path. She me pick out a concoction of Thai iced tea and regular boba. Gotta start with the original boba, right? She ended up with a coffee drink with coffee jellies. I feel I'm now in the know because she asked for the coffee jellies and even though they weren't on the menu, they indeed had them. That's a little insider's tip from me to you. Wink wink. She was so I thought she was going to consider this woman the Patron of Boba and commence worship on the spot.I was surprised to find how filling boba is. I wasn't hungry for hours! Overall, it was good. I don't see myself craving boba, but if someone wants to go, then I'm in. I'll check out the jellies in my next go round. If the craving is boba, I would definitely this place! [SEP]
4	I went here with my book club and they definitely gave us lots to roar about. Their Hour is only in their bar (which was fully packed) or out on their patio. Their patio is fabulous! Who would have thought a patio in Arizona in July could be so and welcoming. atmosphere. The waiter was very accommodating about all of us arriving at different times and peppering him with various drink and food orders. I had the most Huckleberry margarita. (out of a machine to be that consistent). It was basically a plain lime margarita with a drizzle of huckleberry sauce on it. The huckleberry sauce was slightly tart (not syrupy or sweet) but delicious! It went down very smooth. I had the fish tacos which were and the salsa verde was finger licking good. I am that, during the summer, they have Hour until 10 pm!!! Woohoo! Overall, a experience and I will go back. [SEP]
3	Patio seating is lovely! [SEP]
5	Dear Lo-Lo's why do you have to be so good!? I really wish that when I had you last weekend you had been dry and tasteless so that I wouldn't have to come back and eat Chicken and Waffles again... but now you have made me an to your mouth-watering juicy breasts & thighs... Woah where is this going?! LOL you do takeout for now my husband will have to do his husbandly duty and pick me up a piece or two on his way home from work.... Truly wonderful... I never had waffles with chicken before and I'm not sure why I was so surprised at how this pairing would be but I was... service, everyone was and and seemed to actually working there which is definitely a PLUS! ;-) I you Lo-lo's! [SEP]
5	I have completed this run (obviously not the 27th annual edition) 5 times now. The course is always the same - a bit hillier than other Papgo courses as it takes a along the sidewalk behind the zoo, but the organization is always excellent. The t-shirt is another draw to this event - a long sleeve shirt that changes color in the sun. There is always food at the end, a raffle, and a crowd. One of the events on the racing calendar each year and an way to start the new year off right! [SEP]
5	This is my absolute restaurant in Phoenix. This is where we go to and to a night out with food and service. Noca is an experience. I wouldn't trying to quickly hit up a meal here before trying to catch a movie. I can't imagine trying to rush the experience!On our most recent visit I immediately ordered my cocktail- the Bird. It's so crafted and smooth...plus there are bleu cheese stuffed olives. Sold! I felt a little because my fiance wanted to our new jobby-jobs with prosecco... my bad. Lay off me when there's bleu cheese stuffed olives and vodka involved mister!First up was the mixed salad. I how it's not with cheese and candied fruit. It's the balance of flavors. We then had the lobster roll and it was absolutely heavenly. I really to share that but I needed to save room for the scallops. The scallops were so cooked and the plating was gorgeous. The flavors were outstanding- absolutely sublime. Ryan actually asked me if I remembered his name. I just smiled. [SEP]
5	I found this place based on Yelp reviews so I feel obligated to add one more 5 star review to the mix. I needed to get a chain fixed on my bike and was not looking to spend a ton of money or hours trying to fix it myself. So I stopped by and had them take a look at it. They a full tuneup to keep it in tip shape and spent the time explaining and demonstrating why it is of spending money beyond the chain repair. I ended up passing but didn't feel they were trying to take of me. Since it was close to closing time I left the bike with them overnight and got a call late in the morning the next day for pickup. It has been as as new ever since. Having my share of riding in the Valley of the Sun I'm sure I'll be back soon for some inter-tubes or a spare part for whatever craigslist bike I happen to be riding around at the time.Protip: Check out the unique bike artwork they have around the place. Also they have a small BMX (?) track in their backyard you can ride around and do jumps on anytime. [SEP]
4	I Stax. They introduced me to the world of quinoa. Their quinoa black bean burger is sensational. I do the Build your own burger and get garlic aioli and the house ketchup. I am a big fan of their potato fries, as well. The service has always been and the prices are reasonable. This is a alternative to Delux, if you are in downtown Scottsdale. [SEP]
4	The staff was great, from the owner Bruce meeting you at the door to the bartender Sharon the of the staff out. I had the T.T. Burger which had cheddar, sauteed onions and remoulade. The burger was excellent, and the coleslaw was great. I am not a slaw fan, but this slaw with Bruce's mom recipe that included vinaigrette was wonderful. My only may have been the fries were slightly overcooked for my taste, but I would go there again. [SEP]
5	I had such a time at this place both times i went. The first visit was a sushi dinner extravaganza with my sister. The place was literally a 10 minute walk from my childhood home, where my parents still live, which was the first for this place. Once i walked in my grew. The place was small and although a bit on the side. Our waitress spoke with a heavy japanese accent and she was very friendly. We ordered a bunch of rolls, they have a small selection of rolls which is with me, and some nigiri. They even had Uni! i dont know how it is in phoenix but i live in Salt Lake City and Uni is to find there for some reason. Anyways the sushi was prepared and tasted very fresh. Their yellowfin was just amazing!My next visit was a lunch with my mother a few days later and we ate mostly non-sushi offerings which were also very good. I had yakisoba which was and my mother had the bento box with teriyaki steak which was also fantastic. This place is a real and for me personally the location is perfect. [SEP]
3	I came out here Halloween to party, since everything place on Mill had a line we just picked this one place to party for the night. Drinks are cheap, I was at how low the bill was at the end of the night after buying rounds of drinks until our party got their buzz on, but maybe its just me used to Hollywood prices. T_T Out in LA you get used to paying for parking, cover and then prices for drinks. I their signature cherry vodka drink, its tasty! Its kinda a Shirley Temple?! Service at the bar was quick for the amount of people there. Plenty of room for dancing which is always a plus. [SEP]
4	farmers market with several vendors.Look for the jalopeno peanut brittle, the maccaroons, republic ice cream and crepes from torched goodness! lots of yumminess and it is dog-friendly! [SEP]
4	When you go to a place called Fajitas you order the dang namesake! I've had all the different fajitas they offer and I all them, my is the shrimp it's lightly and grilled to (side note: order the onions and pepper caramelized)! The tortillas are to fold without tearing yet still have a flavor. The toppings are always and fresh, the guacamole is legit. My coworker has talked me into always ordering a side of Queso with the chips and salsa. Albeit the restaurant is old but the staff is and detail oriented. And yes, no matter what you order you will fajitas so make sure you don't have anywhere special to go after eating here. [SEP]
3	I had the Soppressata with Aged Provolone & Roasted Peppers. It was a sandwich overall. The quality of ingredients was good, but the only part that gets me is the price. $8 + tax? all that supply and demand stuff I learned in Econ class wasn't a joke. trying once, but I don't think this is a place I'll be grabbing lunch at on a regular basis. [SEP]
4	Upper Crust is Grimaldi's on steroids. The two places have nearly identical decor and the pizza is extremely similar. Upper Crust uses a little more cheese which is nice, but they also use cornmeal on the crust which I am not about. The wings are huge and delicious, especially with the honey BBQ sauce. The meatballs are nothing special (with or without the mozzarella cheese), but Stephanie H would disagree. hour is Monday-Friday 4pm to 7pm and on Wednesdays they offer half off on bottles of wine. Overall, it is a very pizza and I plan on returning. Next time I'll be giving that pizza cookie a try. I really Upper Crust, but Grimaldi's in Old Town is still my for traditional NY style thin crust pizza. [SEP]
5	salad is delish! the fact that it's organic, as as the fact that the pizza dough is gluten-free...sure beats having my husband sneeze for an hour, after eating regular pizza. I will say, the pizza is good...and this is coming from a girl from Chicago! [SEP]
4	From the moment you enter this place you get the feeling that you are entering some underground restaurant, the lighting is and the decor is mysterious!! I am in with the staff who come to wearing what they want as as the chef in the back with the 12 inch mohawk. The drink menu is stocked with choices such as In Between the Sheets and the School Girl! Not your average bar! The thing on the menu in my opinion is the House Made Fettuccine. Honestly the homemade meat sauce ever and I am to please considering I was raised on Bolognese sauce! A place to take a date whether it be your first or 100th this place will never disappoint. [SEP]
5	Parents, please let ur children explore on their own! I c parents following their kids around ! [SEP]
2	It's ok, for a quick bite. I don't understand the almost cult following.Made a and had the instead of pop and was for hours.Staff was very friendly, but they needed someone to keeping the place clean. [SEP]
2	service. The waitress was friendly. but the food was just icky and the Place bad! sewage pipes. I had a glass of wine. there was no way I was going to order a mixed drink while she was tearing the bar down. I didnt feel after eating the food. I had a coupon so it made the total bill cheap. But i would have walked out if I had to pay full price because The atmosphere they boast should provide food.No Not dont go [SEP]
5	Originally came by to get a watering system for our chickens and ended up buying something for every member of our furry family! They have everything here for cats, dogs, small birds, rabbits, poultry, horses and more! The customer service was excellent, we were even given samples for our chickens without even asking and were given informational sheets about some products we ended up buying as well. Both of the people working were with taking their time to help us, not about making a sale, and will even special order some products for us if ever needed. We don't feed our dogs dry food anymore (they now eat raw instead), but when we did, these are the premium/healthiest brands we were buying at a much higher cost at other retailers.The prices are low, the hours are convenient, the customer service was great, the products are healthy, and the selection was large for how small the shop is, what more could you ask for? first visit and we will definitely be coming back again! [SEP]
4	Combination chicken food joint and gas station? Yessss! It's so when I need to fill my car and my stomach! Joking aside this Popeye's isn't bad. much what you expect if you their chicken. All of the workers seem really here too, they normally let you know if they have any specials but I would be sure to ask them just in case. And while you're waiting for your food you can just pop in the gas station store (they're connected). If not, they also have a drive-thru. [SEP]
4	My girlfriend and I had dinner here with my brother and his wife this past Saturday. It was packed outside so we had to sit outside which was fine. If anything it got a little too under the heat lamps, but the atmosphere was fine.Food was very tasty across the board. We had steak and organic chicken on our side of the table both of which were cooked exactly how we wanted them. Juicy and tender. Service was excellent. Recommended. [SEP]
3	sushi, not so on speed. place, staff. Try the Vegie Goyza, it is great. Sushi rolls are a bit large for one bite. Asked if we wanted a Tea refill as we were leaving. Huh? [SEP]
4	This is my of the Yard House restaurants and not just because it is on my side of town. The food always seems to be done just and my husband and his sister the beer. Would have given one more star but my husband has yet to find any food item that makes him want to go here over some other restaurant. Since I just can't seem to get of the grilled cheese and tomato bisque soup it is very that he doesn't want to go. [SEP]
4	So I am not usually in the Tempe area, but a friend told me about this place. So I though I would go try it out. I got a Grande Latte that was around $4. Not a price. But what made it it was that I guess this Friday I went was a Shot Friday. So I got an extra Espresso shot in my latte making it a triple for $4 bucks...no that is a deal. Not sure if they always have the promotion on Fridays. But it sure did make my morning a little better.Their menu is very to read and give those no too in the was of coffee a description of what each drink is and how it is made.The had a ton of looking pastries even though I didn't sample any. Cakes, Eclairs, Scones, and I think even what looked cheesecake. The decor was very interesting. An old fashion coffee house meets a gypsy vibe. I think they have Wifi too. I saw a few people on there computers.The service was a little I think. Felt I was waiting for my drink for 10 minutes and the place was not really that busy. This was probably because of the guy ahead of me when I walked in who had about 7 different modifications to his drink. I have in a coffee place and those people are kind of annoying. So I will let them slide on the time of service.Overall a experience. Would have been 3 stars, but when you get something for free, in my book that is an automatically another star. [SEP]
2	I've known my way around Sky Harbor Airport since I was 4 years old and Terminal 1 was an actual terminal. In the time since then, their attempts to the airport, transportation and parking, and terminals have made it extremely confusing. Get in the lane and you'll end up in the parking garage, when all you wanted was to drop off someone at the Departures curb. Terminal 2 remains the most accessible, with a parking lot located across the street and few airlines stationed there. Because only a couple airlines now use this terminal, security is a breeze. However, it's the oldest terminal, (like pizza) and doesn't appear clean. Terminal 3 a little more of a hassle, although they have a parking garage attached to the terminal allowing you to enter any level through the elevator. More airlines use this terminal and it's much smaller than Terminal 4, making it to navigate.Oh, Terminal 4. You're so nice, new and clean. You have access to restaurants Flo's Shanghai Cafe, Einstein's, Quizno's and more. I Taberna del Tequila for a drink just prior to my flight inside security access (I don't to fly, I a mary prior to boarding). You have tons of shops from Borders Books to local AZ tourist junk. I would to you, but you are just a mess. It's way to to navigate your lanes to get where you're going, pick up and drop off is due to the people who pull away from the curb into lanes without looking, and security is painful- not only is there always a LONG line, but TSA agents regularly yell at people to pay attention! I flying out of Terminal 4 because I have to leave extra early for all the BS.There are much airports to navigate and use, but we're with Sky Harbor. I can only hope the light access once complete will help in making it a more user airport. [SEP]
4	Always there and (almost) always reliable, Seamus McCaffrey's is still my place to grab a beer downtown. Last Friday night, I convinced a couple of friends that we ought to go check out the newly burgeoning night life in downtown Phoenix, since they had both moved away in recent years. So after being thoroughly un-wowed by the Roosevelt row area, we decided to head back to our old standby, Seamus.My only was an out-of-order men's room, which gets a pass for being in a known old building and for the bouncer explaining our other options politely and immediately. After all, what's an Irish pub without a pisser? Thankfully, still a Irish pub in this case. [SEP]
2	With all the before this place even opened I epxected a whole lot better. There are so may flavors in the basic tacos. The tamales are so generic and dry.The place is and and the staff is and the little salsa bar is a addition which I had to give this place 2 stars. If you want geat tacos go to Gallo Blanco or to Americas. [SEP]
4	I've always sorta had mixed feelings about this theater. On the one hand, there aren't a whole lot of options to see independent film in AZ besides this place and Camelview, so I've got Dan Harkins for those outlets. On the other hand, there are times when this theater plays the SAME movie for weeks. An examples of this was with What The Bleep Do We Know?. I it when this place does that, but it's to see films here that wouldn't normally get play at Camelview (ie. Che: Parts 1 & 2, Let The One In, etc.).In all, this place is a bit my own Cinema Paradiso because I have so many memories in this theater. There was a Pulp screening when I was in high school and I got to go to an screening of Slumdog Millionaire and actually got to meet Danny Boyle when he showed up for a Q&A afterward. I just wish they had midnight screenings of classic/grindhouse/cult films The New Beverly in LA. [SEP]
4	Yummy food!!!! Period!!! Sandwiches are great!!! Customer service is great!!! I was at the counter while ordering, i was asking about the cake, they had on display and the guy gave me a slice o cake cuz it was my first time there!! place, food. [SEP]
3	The food...delicious. The atmosphere...relaxing. The service...pretty spot-on. The pricing...ehhh, not my thing here. The only way I was able to eat here was because a family friend treated my family out. But if you're looking to yourself or anyone you know, with food, this is the place to do it. I ordered the Chicken Romano (pan-seared with a blend of romano cheese & panko breadcrumbs, with shallot butter, tomatoes, asparagus & yukon potatoes). The chicken pan-seared with bread crumbs was to eat, crispy on the outside and juicy on the inside.The asparagus... I've had better, but the yukon potatoes were silky, buttery and made perfectly. They went with the chicken romano.My dad ordered the NY Strip, and they were kind of to cut it up for him since he was handicapped. They checked up on us frequently. THE ONLY THING I WOULD ABOUT WAS THEY ACTUALLY CAME UP AND ASKED IF I WAS DONE (ALREADY GRABBING AT MY PLATE) WHEN THE FORK WAS STILL IN MY MOUTH BECAUSE APPARENTLY I WAS STILL EATING. Since that my entire experience thus far, I just told them to take it.In addition, the entire table got an order of the salad bar. The salad bar was great, but nothing the choices offered at Souplantation. Also, because I ate the salad beforehand, I wasn't able to finish off the main entree I ordered. Will I be back? Probably not. [SEP]
4	Home made noodles. Reminds me of San Francisco china town food. [SEP]
5	Everything I have tried here is awesome! You can't go with your choices! Service is ok. Could be better. Not very personable! [SEP]
2	Food is OK - sometimes - used to be great. The service is and a 25 minute wait for lunch on Saturday at 1:00? Seriously? It seems the restaurant relies on takeout - hostess ignored folks waiting to get on the wait list (irony intended) to serve carryout customers - could the tips have an influence?We were finally seated - had Shrimp Pad Thai and Red Chicken Curry - the curry was very good, but shrimp was overcooked and the dish tasted substantially different from last visit. The restaurant is loud, to the point of distracting. We used to go here often, but will be eating at other places from now on when Saturday shopping. [SEP]
2	I was here once. A sized girl her white plastic lawn chair and to the ground. I averted my gaze and tried to focus on my eggs benedict. My friend just laughed and laughed. I guess I should have ordered the mimosas, too. [SEP]
2	Being a creature of habit anytime I want sushi I go to Tokyo Lobby. Well, my group wanted to branch out and try something new so we decided on Sakana. Not a fan. And what's to me is this place was packed! The restaurant opens at 5:30 on Saturday and we arrived at around 5:45 and were to get the last open table. I don't get it...Messy rolls that all tasted the same. We ordered the tootsie roll and the crunch roll, both tasted similar, except of course for the crunchy captain crunch on top. Just a mess, that was to eat. tempura. No bueno. I did, however, have a very tuna poke salad, but I would not go back just for that. If you want sushi on the west side, or the entire valley for that matter, say no to Sakana and yes to Tokyo Lobby. [SEP]
1	If only I where rating this place based on their sushi I would give it 5 stars. But, I'm not rating it based on the food. It is purely based on the customer service in this establishment. Be warned; if you have a large party this is NOT the place to go. I've been in the restaurant industry for over 20 years and I have NEVER heard of a restaurant not checks for large parties. So for an over 500.00 bill they will take 15+ different forms of payment but won't up the check by individuals or couples. How does this make any sense. To make matters worse; they bring out the sushi and I quote family style. Since when did sushi get served family style? Here is the problem. Sushi is expensive, not everyone at the table ate it and when served family style someone else may get what you ordered and you won't have a clue it even made it to the table. We spent over 40 minutes trying to figure out this bill, SERIOUSLY! When I asked the manager her generic and obviously rehearsed response was this is our company policy, we do not checks for large parties. This is absurd. So not only did we have a of a time figuring out the bill, I'm sure no one really knew who had what and if they had added random things to the bill. How could you know with that many people ordering???? I never received part of what I ordered yet it made it on that bill. So here we have to pay it regardless of what we may or may not have received? I understand that adding gratuity to a party this size is also common practice which I don't normally have a with but how about some customer service in return. If policy is no separate checks, at least tell everyone as they order or as a group that this will occur. They said someone was told when the reservation was made. The reservation was made for 25 people! It would've taken 2 seconds to again relay this piece of information. experience ever! [SEP]
4	Okay, so a group of us go out practically every Friday to the same old places for beer and food, but mostly for beer. So to out of the norm, I was in search of a place with beer and food and somewhat close to home. So onto Yelp I go and came upon Boulders, and the reviews were and definitely checking out. So we all pack into the car and head over to Boulders. The parking is great, plenty of spaces to go around. You walk through the patio, not with all the misters, felt I was in a rainforest, but very refreshing. So you walk a little further, watch the steps, and there's your bar. Very open, plenty of hightop tables and lots of TV's. The beer menu was plentiful. It should make everyone from the microbrewer to the coors drinker happy. I was because they had plenty of vegetarian meals, or dishes you can substitute meat for veggies... and for you meat eaters out there, I was told the burgers were and the waffle fries were soooo tasty. The staff was and as well. I would definitely add this into our Friday night rotation. If you're looking for microbrews, this is a place to check out. The atmostphere is kicking and just an all around place to kick back. [SEP]
5	I went here on a Saturday night and sat outside listening to the band playing in the background. It was part of the Music Under the Stars, or whatever it called, very and though. BTW, I see a lot of people commenting on how it was, to all you yelpers, take that with a grain of salt, it's a pizza place near a large family residential area on a weekend, what do you expect, I guess it's an expectation thing. By no means is this going to be a candlelit dinner for two. It's a classy, family oriented pizza place. We ordered the caesar salad and small pepperoni pizza. Very priced, and the pizza in my opinion tasted delicious. It seems everybody has some opinion on how pizza is, and I guess I have a opinion as well. Here goes...the size of the small, is not small it was more a medium (value! winning!)(sorry Charlie Sheen pop culture reference) anyway, it had a taste on it which i really like, the cheese was good, not too much sauce, and the pepperonis were very flavorful. They were the small kind and they were just great. The Salad was good, salad is salad, it's to that up. We were by an bartender/server named Chandler. guy, really nice, he kept us entertained. We'll be back I want to try some kind of meatlovers next time we go there. [SEP]
4	Wow, I am surprised at the last review. I have found the food at Bada Pasta Room to be every time I have been there. I am in with Mr. Pink's Pasta. It has a vodka sauce, and you can also add proscuitto wrapped shrimp as well. They have a martini selection a well, and the decor it hip and fun. Did anyone say red velvet walls? place! [SEP]
5	There's a certain amazingness that comes from made ice cream. It's soft, creamy, and not filled with high fructose corn syrup and preservatives to keep it together for months in a freezer. Growing up in Arizona, we always made homemade ice cream in the summer and if you've never experienced homemade ice cream, just go to Churn.I had the banana ice cream with caramel sauce on top. I can't say anything about it at all. If someone doesn't their ice cream, it's because they've been subject to all the fakeness added to ice cream in the stores and national ice cream shop chains. The shop has lots of toys and candy and knickknacks that will give you a sense of nostalgia. I'll tell you what sounds the day ever: riding my bike down Central on a Phoenix day... stopping in to Churn for an ice cream (and then popping into one of the restaurants nearby for a cocktail). [SEP]
4	I'm a Sprint customer so maybe I'm biased. I'll just say that upfront.I got another phone on my plan and had no problems. At all.Once I told the salesperson that I my connection cable for my BB 8330, he gave me one free.Score.Though, minus one star for not being a repair store. [SEP]
4	Before I shop at Whole Foods (which is on the same lot), I buy organic produce at TJ's because it tends to be much less expensive. Also a fan of the gluten-free pancakes, the organic vegetable pizza (which you can microwave in a pinch), the gluten-free ginger cookies, the should-be-illegal-they're-so-delicious madeleine cookies, and the canned cat food, which has a minimum of junk. Hubby also their chocolate bananas. I just wish that all of the TJ's stores stocked more organics. [SEP]
3	If you have ever eaten at an German restaurant, you will be for life. Years ago, the Haus would have gotten 4 stars. But after being turned on to a little in Gibson City, IL called The Bayrn Stube my appreciation of meat and spices stuffed in an intestine laid on a bed of sauerkraut and red cabbage has been forever changed. Haus just doesn't quite measure up. The cup of soup before the entree tasted it came out of a can and the bread looked the sheets of Hawaiian bread you buy at wally world. Probably the biggest turn off was when they brought out the brown mustard still in a plastic squeeze container. My meal was the Nuernberger/Kassler combo for one, and I had left over for breakfast the next day. Their sausages seem to be of lesser quality than I would get at Sunflower and the red cabbage had some pork gristle in it. Not that I mind a little pork in my cabbage, but not chunks, and definitely not gristle. My friend ordered the Huehner (Chicken) Schnitzel, which had a very flavor, it was the part of either of our meals. They do have a selection of beers on tap, no Aventinus though. If the food was anything other than German, it would get 2 stars. It is to have somewhere to get a schnitzel when I'm in the area, but I wouldn't drive out of my way to eat here. [SEP]
5	notch. He is now my go to barber. Charged only $16 for cut and beard trim, but I throw him a tip on of that for an cut. He will ask you questions throughout the cut to make sure you end up with the cut you came for. Can't go with this guy. And what a place! [SEP]
5	By far my Mediterranean restaurant in Arizona! The service is always awesome, the place is always clean, and the environment is always welcoming and friendly. I hole in the wall, family-owned restaurants because [at least the ones I have been to] there is always a sense of in their service and their food. I've been to this restaurant a few times and have everything I have tried. I being able to taste flavor, not seasoning, and their Dolmeh appetizer is just that: a medley of herbs, grape leaves, and rice. I usually order the #6 - Beef Kebab, but I have tried their #3 - Chicken and Gyros and #7 - Lamb Kebab. The meat, be it beef, chicken, lamb, or gyro, is always moist and tender. their meat, the grilled vegetables have a blend of crispy and lightly seared on the outside, but juicy and steamed on the inside. The basmati rice is always thoroughly cooked and flavorful. The same goes for the Homous, Baba Ganoosh, and Yogurt Cucumber Dip. I highly their house Combination Platter. The pitas are always and their homous and ganoosh have the texture. Try to go around 5p to beat the dinner rush. The place is always packed on Saturday nights, so show up a little before regular dinner time if you want to ensure seating for your party! [SEP]
5	i just finished licking my fingers and almost ate the dressing-drenched paper that held my very first, and surely not last, boy international burger.crispy bun, tons of dressing, lettuce, tomatoes, pickles and onions, and a tender, smokey burger. thick, salted, crunchy on the outside and and on the inside fries. thick and deliciously chocolate and peanut butter shake.gone. in less than 5 minutes.place closes early, so there will be no trips through the dangerously narrow drive thru. [SEP]
3	These folks pour a DRINK for $3 on Saturdays! They have daily specials and the Saturday special is $3 SoCo or Three Olives. Saturdays also offer a turkey cheeseburger and fries for $5, but I didn't try it. You can see all their specials by hovering your cursor over the day of the week on their home page (http://www.16th.st/index.html)It was NOT when we cruised in for the Sun game this past weekend. We were greeted by a guest who asked if we had a reservation and then hollered to the waitress who said there may be a wait. At least they have a sense of humor!The for us was we got to take our pick of the TV we wanted to view the game. There were two Texas Hold 'Em poker tables going (not my thing so I don't know specifics) and I saw pool tables in a separate area -- photos on the website make it look there's shuffleboard too.Definitely looking forward to going back. It was a place to watch a game. I'll have to try the food next time and maybe they'll get a to 4 stars (although, I observed their nachos are real cheese nachos, and I'm a cheese nacho girl so I'm gonna have to pick another game day food!) [SEP]
4	I told myself not to buy clothes at Macy's since I did not have that much room in my carry-on luggage. Darn you Macy's!! Why did you have a bazillion racks of clothes that was on sale!!! NooOOo.. I could not resist the and bought 4 shirts for $60. I wanted to buy more too!! I have a love-hate relationship with this Macy's. [SEP]
5	This is a place to eat! One of my lunch stops as you can see if you follow my facebook photos Lunch With Stew. My thing there is the Buffalo Chicken Pizza. mmmmm, mmm. Kevin O'Donnell is from the Texas Hold'em family of final tables and occasionally will play the tour. guy and he also has a restaurant and sports bar. [SEP]
5	sandwhich joint. A must go place to eat! [SEP]
4	On one of my Scottsdale excursions recently i got taken to Delux by a friend who said they make, the burger she has ever had. So obviously i had to put this to the test.We started with potato fries which were served in a mini shopping cart which was entertaining. They were cooked to and lightly and still had the potato taste. I got to try the clasic delux burger itself and it was quite amazing, juicy and cooked just how i it. We also got the lightly original fries as which were just as as the potato ones. i also got to try the turkey burger which was also juicy and flavorful, along with the chicken panini which was tasty. it was a lunch every one i was with themselves and I am my friend it. [SEP]
5	5 stars all the way. Let me begin by saying that I'm a big fan of the products. The store is done in very tones and the drinks are aromatic and these 2 things combines seem to make all my melt away when I step in the door. I'm not a huge coffee fan, but I can order some of the coffee drinks here. I'm completely to drink the caramel frappuccino from Starbucks, but I can't get of the caramel ice blended from Coffee Bean & Tea Leaf.So now that we've established that I the product, we can move on to the real reason this place gets a 5 star review--the staff. I've never seen anything it. If you come in 3-7 times someone will probably know your name and might even know your drink.Leila is the at this. She knows peoples names, their drinks and if you come there often she even knows which car you drive. She'll see a regular customer's car pull up and she'll have the normal drink and waiting for them by the time they walk through the door. THAT is the epitome of customer service. [SEP]
3	ok experience, just got to a point I did not want my membership anymore and it was to stop it all. I just did not the autopay committment. [SEP]
4	Occasionally I just feel going out for just basic breakfast, i come to this particular MacDonald's. It's a place to have a big breakfast and watch some of the people that you now are regulars among others. It's always and the service quick. it's by no means and venue! is okay for what it is. I am not a big breakfast eater so it serves the purpose when I am in that particular mood.When I am traveling I often go to a MacDonald's for breakfast. I usually need to eat something and can count on standard fare and a price. If it's just before catching a plane in the morning, a Greek meal that I might first thing in the morning might not set at takeoff as a big breakfast.. [SEP]
4	As far as malls go - and I malls - this one is tolerable. Just speed past the food court to avoid a cluster you-know-what. If you upscale, this is your place. Me, I typically hit two to three stores and leave. But maybe that's just my shopping style.If you have the cash to blow, the time to spend and the desire to shop, then this is your mall. [SEP]
1	Quick spot for a mall-made mayo-based California roll. This is where you go to learn how sushi can go wrong.You've been at doing swipe-and-sign. Perhaps you even dropped a thousand bucks at Neiman's on a Jhane Barnes' sweater and some silk-lined Zanella slacks or three thousand on a whats-left-of-last-season's-collection of Brioni blazer. Whatever your fancy, you're toting a wrist full of roped, glossy, shooshing-sounding bags with tissue paper sticking out the tops. You just want a and some sushi.It's OK, but beware. Unagi and other items have a beep-beep beep-beep before they get to you. California and spicy tuna rolls come real quick -- 'cause they come from a vat of mayonnaise. Rice is not either. Stick to tuna and salmon sashimi and miso soup.If head chef Rick is there (think Kyoto of Empire at 24th and Camelback, then Ichi Ban, University off McClintock), ask him to make you a Bob on Acid, for ol' times' sake. Or just go to Starbucks, tide yourself over, and find a real sushi restaurant.And about the Brioni... Don't sweat the buyer's remorse. It'll make a tax deduction to Florence's. [SEP]
5	Stay in the courtyard recently and have no at all!! when I entered the place , the staff greeted us and they were all very and with everything. Although i only stayed there for 1 night , i thought the rooms were very kept and the bed was amazing! The first thing i do when i check into the room is look at the bed and sample how if feels and this bed was amazing! The rooms are about normal size and has a tv , desk , chair , etc..... Wifi is also a must whenever i travel and no here. Wifi was and easily available. Did not have a chance to see the gym or the pool but they do have one. Overall , i would stay here again if i come by Phoenix!! [SEP]
4	The part about Logan's is the rolls - and I don't mind that you do not need to add butter because it is already with butter. YUM! I can taste a hint of beer in the roll as well...or it could just be yeast..or wishful thinking. I am trying to be healthier, so I went with the salad and water. The anything-and-everything salad does have some items included - craisins, pecans, egg, grilled chicken and a balsamic vinaigrette dressing...but still it was a salad. Maybe I should have ordered the grilled streak salad...but the peanuts are a appetizer and you can throw them on the floor. What fun! The tea is and reminds me of my days in Atlanta.Another review commented about the similarity between Logan's and Texas Roadhouse. They are very similar, but I wouldn't say Logan's is a off. Plus Logan's was started in 1991 to Texas Roadhouse's 1993, so perhaps they are the ones being imitated?Come in for a tea, peanuts and the rolls. The rest is about your average steakhouse. Two salads, one tea and a water - $22. [SEP]
4	I am a fan...ok for the ladies...this is a bit, I have shopped here with girls who literally will hide finds in other places of the store so they can come back and get them later, most of the time they are gone. huh, this place literally looks then some of the barrio shops in point, it seems it is the day after thanksgiving every day there, and people literally throw stuff anywhere.For the guys this place is a place to go, the deals on shoes are unreal, nikes that are $100.00 bucks for $20.00, you can't get that anywhere. You can also get notch clothing and make you look a true Scottsdale deuschbag for less then 100 bucks Rolex or Tag Heur watches will not be found here, deuschbaggery only goes so far at last chance. In any event this is probably one of the basement places in the valley to get notch stuff. Two things you need to know about this place.1. They restock every Sunday, so Sunday mornings here really are every black Friday after thanksgiving, you might get trampled to that guy at Walmart or shot those two dudes at Toy's R Us..and it could be your last chance:)2. Check all your seriously, allot of this stuff is here because it is damaged, so be careful they have no return policy that is why it is LAST CHANCE! [SEP]
2	The furniture was nice, but I didn't get a welcoming vibe in here at all. First of all, it a cat in there -- perhaps it's the mid-century furniture, but whatever, light some or something. Second, the guy working there was completely cold. No hello, no how are you, no welcome. He just stared us down the entire time, not saying a word, making sure we didn't touch anything at all. It's a frickin' furniture store! How can you not be allowed to sit on the couches? I don't care if they're vintage or antiques or the like, it's not getting my business. [SEP]
3	I have to say i avoid this store as much as i can. I have lived in this same neighborhood for 15 years,so i have had to go to this store many times over the years. They just never understand Customer service at this location. It is very close to where i live but, i would rather drive a little further for and Easy. However, i this night i thought i would just stop here for a quick shopping experience. My boyfriend was really and i wanted to take him some Chicken soup that they make and sell here. So here i am at 6:45 at night on a weekday. One cashier is open ,yes only one in a store that size!!! Mind you the store is packed. The line is all the way down the food isle. There are 4 registers where you can check your self out / But, no one is there to help them( all 4 busy).. And it is winter in molasasville. So slow. I am and don't want to sound i am above it all,but i do not have time to this. This is not a one time experience either. This is one of the biggest reasons i going to this store. I have been to other Safeways around the valley that are not this. The one on 7th Street for instance. They never behave this way. to say i will continue to avoid this shop!! [SEP]
4	OMG, oh so good. Gives me gas and makes me after lunch, but it's it. [SEP]
4	Sunset rise on new year's eve. scenery. short ride, but you cover a lot of ground with a lot of different views. Saguaros everywhere. view of the lake from the of the hill. staff. Drawbacks: horses seemed by the end of the day (we were the last tour). Even though my horse misbehaved, our tour guide handled him very well. Looking forward to more rides when we return for vacation! [SEP]
4	Very to try this place out. I tried the sampler of all 4 beers and really them all; however, the watermelon ale was my favorite. service, cool, atmosphere and beer = a winner! [SEP]
4	Same menu as Phil's Grill but you can reserve a table on this side. Food is and service is great. the daily soup special. Try the wings but ask for them to be a little on the crispy side. The ribs are and they give you a lot. If you order the fries as an order be prepared to share with everyone in the restaurant. They give you for an army. Sunday night is half price wine and $5.00 burgers. Get there early as they pack them in. [SEP]
4	I every place on South Mountain. I've been wanting to try a Monte Cristo for awhile now. The wait was it. Massive flavor explosion in the mouth. Finished it off, chased it with lemonade, and seriously wanted to order round two. For sure will be back next week for that second one. [SEP]
1	I usually do not about food but the fish and chips gave my wife a serious case of food poisoning. So if some manager reads this please check out your fish supply or change the cooking oil. She never gets and has been all day (December 29, 2012) from the meal eaten December 28, 2012. [SEP]
5	Still in with this place and how much care they really have for all of their clients. I hit another, I want a piercing moods and swung in on a lunch last week, determined to get this piercing I thought would be on me. As usual Jo was absolutely amazing. He brought me back and we discussed what I wanted and when he looked at how my ear was shaped he said that I may want to try something this (then drawing dots where they would go). He took into consideration my piercing past and said it's subtleness and the petite jewelry would suit me well.And as always, I came out and to show off my piercings. They still look a week later. I'm still in love, and they are healthy. Job done. But I'm not surprised. [SEP]
4	Ok....my 2nd review of an Irish pub. And we're getting closer. ambiance - I really thought it looked much a few pubs I visited in Dublin (tho no pictures, that I saw, of the revolutionaries, no flags, no old photographs. But a draft beer selection. And a really Irish menu - we had the fish sandwich and the banger sandwich (lunch menu) which included chips (french fries) and I ordered a side of curry dip for the chips. stuff.Good Irish music (cd's) playing in the background - not obtrusive. And a very wait staff. The bartender greeted us the minute we walked in. But sorry, folks, music is Thurs thru Sat and no Irish music that they admitted to - cover bands instead. So I'll keep looking, but I'll stop here when I'm in the neighborhood. [SEP]
5	part of a social event, we only had app's here. quite crab cakes and a shrimp fritters with mango sauce. the portions were gigantic and actually big for a meal. i was slightly full afterwards. part of the roaring fork, wildfish franchise, they also offer a hour. seems a bit high priced but our bill was taken care of, so i'd save this (for the middle class foodie) for a special event. [SEP]
4	This place makes some of the vegan gelato/ice cream I've had. If you're vegan, skip the (kinda gross) soy froyo, and eat one of the gelatos. The service was and all the gelatos were tasty. I had a big scoop of peanut butter soy gelato. It was by far the peanut butter based ice cream I've ever had. [SEP]
5	Okay, I admit it - we are waaaaay late to this party. We tried once before but the hour-plus wait was just two much for the four starving carnivores with me that day. This time our strategy was to go early on a Saturday morning as close to 6:30am opening as possible. We arrived around 7:15 (it WAS the weekend after all) and only waited about 20min for a table for two. I had the special of the day - 3-egg with andouille sausage, local baby spinach and fontina cheese - YUM! The sausage had just the of bam and the home fries with rosemary and onions rocked. My companion had the hog and chick - meaty bacon with that.Great value for the price - I packed up at least half my meal for the starving teenagers at home (who could not be roused at dawn). If you haven't been, get up early, bring a newspaper and rest assured Matt's Big is the wait. [SEP]
4	Very theater, with a very staff. The seats were comfortable, the popcorn was fresh, and the place was clean. [SEP]
4	I've been going here off an on since 2004, and have had experiences. It seems the same guys since the first time I went, which to me tells me they have experience and a to their company and customers. They are always to me, and try to explain what's going on with my car as as present me with options for repair. They are also about trying to save me money by doing things contacting manufacturer's about warranties, offering me packaged deals that cover what i wanted anyways, and providing discounts. One time I went for a package deal that was actually than the individual things i needed done for my 60,000 mile checkup. Part of the package included new filters, but since I had just switched them out myself and they were still in practically new condition. They went ahead and gave me the new filters, saying that I didn't need new ones, but i paid for them. I really this even if they only cost a few bucks each. Another time, it was slightly in that it took a very long for them to get to my car and complete all the repairs/order parts etc. I waited and didn't and they were very grateful. They kept thanking me for my and apologizing for the wait. When the bill came they had given me every special and discount including an overall discount on the bottom line for the wait. It's not often that companies will give you anything without you having to bitch. While the wait was unfortunate, they did what they could to make it an overall customer service experience. Overall customer service, and a place that I trust. **as an added bonus, the mesa library is within walking distance. [SEP]
3	I'm used to Ranch 99 back in Northern California, and this supermarket wasn't anything spectacular. This is a place if you want seafood! All of the traffic was around that area. The food from the take-out section didn't look too good.The market also has the bakery, peking duck, the flattened 1/2 duck, and roasted chicken. There is also Hong Kong Express to-go food where you can order noodles, sum, congee, boba drinks, rice dishes, etc. It's next to the take-out food. The most part of the supermarket was the selling of Chinese pancakes in front of the store. You can order mini pancakes with either a red bean, coconut, or custard filling. Each pancake is made to order and is $.50 each. I tried both the custard and red bean pancakes and it was good! Cash only payment for the pancakes. You also have to wait awhile for the pancakes since there is a long line. [SEP]
5	Busy place, but everyone is and I keep having to go to the cell lot because of late baggage from my original destination. They charge a lot to deliver so get your bags checked 45 mn early... [SEP]
3	A big group of us came here for my bro's bday and had a time.We had made reservations for a Sat night, and when we arrived, we were immediately seated. Our server guy was friendly, quick and did a job of attending to our large party.The ambiance was more (and less pretentious) than I had expected (considering you're in Old Town Scottsdale), so I that. Parking was easy.. not sure how we lucked out on parking spots on a Sat night in the area, but we did!The food:My sister's coconut fish was very tasty.. addictive probably because of the creamy coconut milk and the sugar they obviously added.. still delicious.My pork lettuce wraps were tasty and I had the option of getting them with red/purple leaf cabbage, which was a change. The meat was savory and and my portion was so big, there was no finishing it.My bro's seafood curry was a portion (as were all the rest of the dishes in our party) but I wasn't a big fan of the flavor.My hubby's spare ribs were overly-flavored (yes, that does exist) and I didn't the bite I had.Im not sure how this Thai food is, but it was tasty... Thai food is quite (yes, I do believe coconut fats are healthy), but all the sugar added for flavor of the currys is not very Thai.. nor to me. For a once-in-a-while occasion, I'd go.. but it's not really on my must go back list, sadly. [SEP]
3	flavors, service. their green curry. hour where appetizers are 1/2 off the reg price. The is that most of the appetizers are deep fried. I lunch than dinner as they offer a salad with the meal. [SEP]
4	HUGE fan!Love Poncho, the birthday strobe lights, the food and the service. This is a go-to for my boyfriend and I when we're looking for sushi. More likely than not, we'll opt for the all you can eat option for $20/ person. With that comes with miso soup, salad, sashimi, your AYCE picks, ice cream and with a special frequent customer request, this seared, naturally sea bass belly and salmon cheeks, which are AMAZING. Not a taste for everyone, kinda for most. But this will be by traditional Asian taste and for me. Loyalist here. [SEP]
5	We Dr Steve! [SEP]
5	This mall has all the shopping that you will ever need. Just make sure you come here with your credit cards in check as you are bound to in with something when you come here.They have some of the department stores in my opinion, and if you're looking for that dress for any occasion, you have tons of options to choose from.I how and this mall is! [SEP]
5	This is a Radio Shack. The staff are older, and very with their product line. If you need batteries, check this store out first. I needed a watch battery, and found that they were the only store in Phoenix to carry it. It cost be all of $5 bucks, but saved me having to buy a new watch. [SEP]
5	Not only does this place get it's ingredients directly from Italy, it makes a of flavors fresh, daily! I got my first taste of gelato when I visited Rome Italy a few years back. I've tried other gelato spots around the U.S, but nothing has caught my AMORE, or the Italian flavor, more than Sweet. So far my combo is the most Panna Cotta with Banana, (which an employee recommended), Hazelnut and Pistachio, as as Chocolate again, with the Panna Cotta.Don't forget your card, buy 12, and get one kid's size free! [SEP]
4	Yum! tasting pizza, a atmosphere, and oh those Nutella crepes are devine! [SEP]
4	My man took me to Fuego for a pre-birthday meal on a Wednesday night. I was surprised to see how many diners were there a. Because it's a Wednesday and b. Because it's in such an spot!! Once you get past the randomness of it's location, you will see how and homey feeling it is. The two servers working the front of the house were multi-taskers who welcomed, advised and fetched drinks while we decided on, then waited for our meal. We started with the scallop app and agreed that it was great, although small (3 scallops/$13). How bout one more tasty morsel? Apparently, it was small to save room for the hulking entrees we received next! Wow! I had the seared ahi-a huge portion of it spicily seasoned, lightly seared, and tasting! The man had the stuffed chicken breast, and inhaled it. It looked as well. Also in the category were the side dishes! Omg, the cheddar massed potatoes were so scrumptious I could die! I also had the jalapeño creamed corn, that I mixed with the potatoes to make a combo from heaven! Man got the green chile cornbread casserole, which sounded meh, but tasted incredible! Such a meal! Stuffed with food, and by servers, I was that I couldn't give Fuego 5 stars. But it wouldn't be prudent. Why, you ask? Because the sangria sucked. I had both the white, that tasted watered down kool-aid, and the red, that tasted old, red wine mixed with coke a cola. They both sucked. Not good. Hopefully it was an off night, beverage-wise and I just happened to be there for it. Everything else was spot-on! [SEP]
4	This is in a really part of Chandler. I've driven by a million times, but never paid attention to the all the restaurants. We went here for lunch based on the reviews it received on Yelp. I can't really add much more to the other reviews, but just wanted to be one more person to say that the food is & service was excellent. ambiance & music too! [SEP]
5	I LIFE TIME!! It's always plenty of machines to out on that are in working order! HUGH of classes to take and keep you from getting bored. My kids it too and ask when we are going to the gym. They also have the rock climbing wall, basketball and courts and outdoor and indoor pool with life guard and a water slide at both. The out doors and indoors have a lap pool as . The inside has 2 extra large jacuzzi and of course your steam room and saunas. I personally the locker rooms they are so to shower and get in they provide everything you could think of ( just a 5 star hotel!! ) This place keeps me You Gotta try the Zumba class and strength class!!! [SEP]
4	Foothills Park in North Glendale, AZ is a more than just a dog park!!! This park has a skate park, an aquatic center / fitness center, baseball/softball fields and a branch of the Glendale Public Library.On the north side of the park is the Foothills branch of the Glendale Public Library. Here in 2011 this branch has started closing earlier a couple days a week and they are now closed on Thursdays and Sundays. You can still request books online to be transferred to this branch for your convenience.The dog park was recently expanded with a new section of dog run that connects the front of the park on 57th Ave with the back of the park behind the library. Parts of the dog park are closed a day a week for maintenance, but part of the park is open every day.The baseball fields are the area of the park I use the most. Arrowhead Little League (www.ArrowheadLL.com) is based at this park and they play two seasons - Spring and Fall. The City of Glendale also runs baseball and softball programs at this park. A playground sits on the South side of the baseball fields, just North of the wash.The Aquatic Center (www.glendaleaz.com/foothillscenter/) has an outdoor pool with slides and lap pools. There's a fitness center indoors with all the equipment of a normal gym plus a rock climbing wall and full indoor basketball court. The kids to out at the rec center.The skate park on the west side of 57th is an area I've avoided thus far. It's usually packed with kids riding skateboards. [SEP]
1	My son and his family arrived into Scottsdale Tuesday April 10 on there way to California. We decided to eat at RnR before they continued there trip. My son and my wife ordered a hamburger and fries. The fries had no taste and my son asked for two new orders. My grandchildren ate the original fries, while the new fries loaded with Parmesan cheese. The fries were not hot, nor had the cheese melted. I had a few of the fries and did not have as a case of food poisoning as my son and my wife. I have RnR in the past. I do not think I will in the future. [SEP]
4	I Greek food. I have no idea when I became so enamored with Greek cuisine but I am I did. I end up craving it at least once or twice a week so when I met the fiance for lunch today near his office I mentioned aforementioned craving and he us here to Cyprus Grill.The place was busy but not overcrowded. We ordered at the counter and out food came out quickly. We tried the gyro pita as as the gyro plate. We our plates in no time so I guess that means the food was good, right? The gyro meat was tasty, moist and flavorful. The rice was and the tzatziki sauce was refreshing. We decided that we'd be going back for future lunch dates whenever possible. Besides, you can't have too many go to Greek spots in my opinion so this one's definitely going in our books. Done and Done. [SEP]
5	For those of you who Indian/Pakistani food, but dives, Z-Grill just may turn your whole world upside down. In all foodie honesty, Z-Grill is home to some of the Indo-Pak food I've ever had. This comes with a reminder though...it is divey.Z-Grill is located inside Zam Zam World Market, which is a little grocery, but it the umph that other ethnic groceries delivery. With that being said though, other groceries Z-Grill, and this is why it matters...Everything I've tried from the restaurant, and I mean everything thus far, delivers. From the hummus, to the samosas, to the chana and even to the paneer masala and chicken karahi, I've only been when I realized that I was down to the last bite. The flavors are robust, the sauces are spicy and, surprisingly, the prices are reasonable. It's to say that I'm to this place. **A word of caution when trying Z-Grill. They are sometimes out of items on the menu. I find that cause they have to make everything from scratch, others might not. If they happen to be out of something, do yourself a and just try something else.**I cannot say things about the food from Z-Grill. This is a must-try in the valley for anyone who has a for spicy Indo-Pak food. Go try it! [SEP]
4	The name sounds it's straight out of a book filled with a storyline, characters and sunny days. And Chestnut Lane, the eatery, lives up to expectations. For the ultimate lady who lunches, this should be # 1 in her book. I discovered this lunch spot awhile back and immediately made my way there to check it out. From day one, I was hooked and have visited several times. Chestnut Lane is small, and every bit as as the house they call home. When I first walked in, I saw salads to the left, me to take them home. pastries, cookies and cupcakes lined the counter and water made their home in reusable milk-type jars in the refrigerator. The owner runs the shop and takes care of the environment and the food they serve. From ladies who lunch, to professionals on the go...this spot is normally packed during lunch hour, so get there early. My dishes include: the lobster salad (worth every penny), the tuna meld, chopped salad and honey roasted chicken blt. It's to escape without a bag of their cookies or a mini cupcake. If it's mini, that means zero calories right? :) For those looking for a healthier option, their fruit is full of berries, etc. Hours: hurry and make it during store hours! Chestnut Lane is only open Tuesday-Friday from 8-3 and Saturday from 8-1. [SEP]
3	I've been frequenting this Savers since the day it opened a few years back... They have a one dollar tag sale on Mondays which is I tell you!! Having a week, head over to Savers with a 20 dollar bill on Monday and you will come out a new woman with a new wardrobe!! My mother is the one who actually got me hooked on this deal lol.. The original frugality of the family lol. Overall, I cannot give this store five stars just because I am a store and have visited about every store in and around the Phoenix area and have plenty of experience with many other stores. This Savers requires a lot of digging, but some of my finds have been a Dooney and Bourke gently used wallet for $16.00. Banana Republic black sling shoes for $5.99. Brand name NEW out clothes and plenty of NEW with tags vintage dresses all under $9.99. This Savers is okay for just everyday wear, other than that you won't find many unique and pieces here. Also, for some reason, everyone that shops here is really and friendly, no competiveness at all :) [SEP]
2	I guess it's not really the most place, but Frank & Albert's is located in the Arizona Biltmore Resort & Spa and serves as one of their restaurants to their guests. Since the other breakfast place they had was only a cafe that served baked goods, I decided to come here to have a breakfast.When I asked what they they immediately said the Biltmore Benedict. I was easily sold so I ordered one, and a coffee.Cool thing about the coffee is they just bring you a carafe to serve yourself coffee as you please. Not sure if this was because the waitress was lazy, but I thought it was nice.The eggs benedict themselves were not the best. On one hand the ham that they used was overcooked (ie. jerky). On the other hand the english muffin was over toasted and too crispy, which kinda the overall consistency.It is a patio that they have to sit on, so I will give them that. They apparently have a bird where birds kinda come and scavenge for food. I didn't really mind it. [SEP]
5	TRIP TO THE SPA!!!!! A trip to the Aji Spa (located at the Sheraton Wildhorse Pass Resort and Spa) was at the of my list during my recent trip to Arizona on Memorial Day Weekend. We made our reservations in advance. Having gone to a few spa resorts, I couldn't wait to pay this one a visit. My cousin and I were each booked for the Little Yellow Bird spa package, which was comprised of 2 services each. We arrived about 15 minutes prior to our appointment time and was given a tour of the spa. After changing in the women's locker room, and relaxing in the private women's lounge area (there's a large lounge area, but it's co-ed), our masseuses met us and brought us into our room. My cousin and I decided for our first service to be the Companion Massage. After only having solo massages, I was interested how a companion massage differed. The 50 minute Aji Massage flew by. My masseuse was professional and the massage given was very comfortable, relaxing and beneficial. After our massages were completed, we had some time in between our next service, feeling a little hungry, we decided to grab some lunch from the spa's cafe. I ordered the flatbread pizza and it was TO FOR! Seeded flatbread topped off with a garlic peppery aioli, grilled chicken pieces, pesto sauce, marinated bell peppers, melted cheese and avocado. My visit was a month and a half ago and my memory, a little fuzzy, but that was one of the lunches I've had in a long time!! After lunch sometime, we each were up for our second service, our facials!!! Due to my skin type, I received the Aji Rain Facial. My esthetician was wonderful! Her hands were and while working on my face and we had some conversation during the 50 minute procedure. I left that room with my face feeling renewed, and fresh!All spa treatments include full use of the spa's facilities so we definitely made use of that! After our facials, we used the sauna (the steam room was out of service during our visit) and whirlpools located on the women's locker side. We then and lounged by the outside pool. The Aji Spa is such a calm, and relaxing environment that I ended up taking a nap! Outside! In heat! for the wooden awning with misters attached and the huge patio umbrellas providing shade! The staff at the spa provided service! From the front desk, to our masseuse, the esthetician, the cafe staff and the locker room attendant! While napping, one of the staff from the cafe even brought us iced water with and cucumber slices in it!Our appointment started at 12pm and with our 2 procedures, and lunch, we should have been done and out of there within a few hours. But the point of visiting the spa was to relax, and with Aji Spa being such a place, we just didn't want to leave! We finally left nearly 8 hours after our arrival, and we would have stayed longer if we could! I highly Aji Spa to anyone visiting the Phoenix area, or if you're looking for a new spa to travel to! Aji Spa is a spa with staff and service. They even emailed me the same day of my service as a You for visiting and included a discount coupon on my next visit! A 5-star spa, indeed! [SEP]
5	The french toast was delicious! Toddy was especially [SEP]
4	A few co-workers and I were in town for a conference and decided to check out this place on a Tuesday for lunch. Service was and the sandwiches were good. The bread was fresh...I would suggest because a whole sandwich is just too much for a regular appetite. [SEP]
4	I the Starbucks in the Safeway here. Marissa...the girl who is normally the barista...is so nice! [SEP]
5	This place is awesome. Affordable, tasty food. Simple and country environment. [SEP]
4	I haven't been in a while but I remember being impressed. ambiance, especially for a Thai restaurant. [SEP]
4	We ate here while waiting for our tire to be fixed across the street. This place used to be The Vine for many years, until it closed and the building became two different restaurants. The service was very friendly, and the menu had many different items in case you don't sushi. We tried 2 different Bento Boxes of ribeye teriyaki (the online menu lists it as new york strip) and chicken teriyaki. Bento boxes come with so much food! You start with a Miso soup, and then the box comes with salad with a yummy soy vinagrette, two pork potstickers, rice, and fruit - in this case, orange and apple slices. The steak was tastefully and melted in my mouth. The chicken was tasty as well, but I the beef better.Then we opted for a few pieces of sushi, since this is a sushi bar. We had the Nigiri salmon and cooked shrimp, a california roll, and a house specialty called the Tukee Roll. It is basically the california roll that is rolled in crunch tempura bits, and drizzled with unagi sauce and miso orange sauce. This was one of the rolls ever! A on the plain california roll.Our iced teas were a bit at $4.50 for 2. Too we were too full for dessert. Check out their website for an tasty menu. www.tankedfishaz.com. [SEP]
4	This hotel is amazing! The staff is very friendly, it's very and it has wide space for a hotel room, swimming pool with a heated pool. They have breakfast and dinner:) and it's much near with everything you need: mall, restaurants and bars:) [SEP]
4	Oregano's! They have pizza, pasta, salads, wings, everything. The portions are huge and the prices are and I can honestly say I've never not left Oregano's full and satisfied! Plus the atmosphere is as well. If you've saved room after your meal, try the pizookie, it's amazing. Giving 4 stars because there is always a huge wait and they don't take reservations or seat you until everyone is there, and also because the deep dish pizza was far too and saucy when I tried it (more than a deep dish should be) but everything else is superb. [SEP]
5	Hour 3-6pm! Half price appetizers and drink prices. I their Sushi and Garlic Noodles.And much everything I've had there is good. I had a Peppercorn Steak about 2 weeks ago and it was amazing. It's next to the movies so it's a place to meetup too. [SEP]
5	Went here for the first time last week and had a experience. The restaurant was very clean, the service was great. The part? The food. I've been in AZ for 10 years now and I can say without a that its some of the food I've had in a restaurant (and this from a pregnant woman no less ;)I had the chicken tenders, grits and okra. First, the food came out piping hot, I mean steaming and to the touch. The batter on the chicken was thick and crispy. The grits were cooked to perfection- dry to hold together a bit but still moist. And the okra was fantastic, too. It didn't that my lemonade came in a mason jar, either. I will be back. a lot :) [SEP]
2	This place is a bit scary. (And since it is a Chinese restaurant, that means a little more than scary). It's dark, (even though its been remodeled at least once since it has changed owners a few times). It serves mostly Cantonese based cuisine although most of the waitstaff tend to speak Mandarin. I'm actually Chinese and notice these things. There is some live seafood. I usually go here for lunch when we have a crowd. It is inexpesive and quick to get in and out. A bit heavier on the salt and sauces than I would though. I tend to go to my old standbys Wall or my newer Nee House or South China knowadays. [SEP]
5	The boyfriend and I to do little staycations every now and then so when we saw a deal advertised for the Camelback Inn we jumped on it. We stayed two nights in just a regular room, I guess. They had several different kinds of suites (even rooms with a private pool!) but our room was a standard room with a patio facing Camelback Mountain. The room was and clean, the bed was and the patio was the place to breakfast.Camelback Inn was much bigger than I expected. Lots and lots of buildings spread out over the property. It's not the place to find your way around but at least it's to look at while you get lost. At the back of the property is a little ghost town set up. It looks they do corporate events - cowboy cookouts - but nothing was going on while we were there. But we had wandering around the town and taking pictures of each other.Even though it was December it was to out by the pool. The pool is heated so that and there are two tubs as for really days. They have an of lounge chairs and even offer float rafts and noodles for the pool. There were kids splashing around but the area is big you can hide away from the action if you prefer.We ate at two of the restaurants while we were there - BLT Steak and Rita's Kitchen and both were fantastic. We our Camelback Inn staycation and would not hesitate to go back - especially in the summer when the rates are low! [SEP]
4	I the crispy crust of the pizza thought it was good. I think if you haven't been there and are at the San Tan Mall shopping that its a visit. We went on a double date and it was a experience. The only I had was that I thought they had a very small dining area, which was probably the reason for the 45min wait. Also we went on a friday night and probably because of the small area it got very loud, which I know the management has no control over, but just an fyi of my experience. I'd say if you haven't been and you pizza its the visit. I may try and stop in for lunch sometime but definitely not on a Friday night, it was just too busy. [SEP]
4	My hubby and I have been of Roy's since our first time at the flagship location on Oahu . . . and we've watched him expand to the mainland. Our experience with the mainland Roy's have been hit and miss, but the Marriott Ridge location much knocks it out of the park! We went at the tail end of Arizona Restaurant Week. We really the menu options for this special week, and the chocolate souffle cake is always out of this world . . . If that was the only thing that tasted good, then we would feel we got our money's . . . but we didn't have to about it because everything was from beginning to end.We had an server who had a personality and people skills. She was unassuming and let us linger between courses. As I am a stickler about food coming out too soon after just finishing one course, this was just perfect! And so relaxing. The ambiance on the patio, which is where we chose to sit, almost felt as if we were on one of the islands, not in the middle of the . . . with the tiki torches lit and the sound of the babbling water features throughout the resort, it came close . . . it was just missing the trade winds. The resort had a band playing as . . . they were good, a few ups and downs. I would have if the music was a little more subtle than the pop-jazz mix they were playing . . . oh, but I have digressed. My hubby and his daughter chose the restaurant week menu. Hubby had the Grilled Szechuan Spiced Pork Ribs Smoked & Glazed in Roy's Original Mongolian Sauce. A bit cliche, but they were finger lickin' good! My step-daughter and I shared the Crispy Spicy Ahi Sushi Roll with Ginger Wasabi Beurre Blanc -- it was huge and almost a meal. The rolls were fresh, crunchy, and had a little kick . . . not too spicy. It was a thing I agreed to help her with it! For entrees, my hubby had the Roy's Original Hawaiian Blackened Island Ahi with Spicy Soy Mustard Butter Sauce. It, too, was an portion of ahi that was complimented by the sauce but no overpowered by it. My step-daughter had the Roy's Roasted Macadamia Nut Crusted Mahi Mahi with Maine Lobster Essence. Another portion of cooked Mahi. We all were starting to feel the aloha spirit . . . I had to be the exception by ordering off the regular menu and chose my most entree of all . . . the Hawaiian Style Misoyaki Butterfish . . . Aah, what a delight, so melt-in-your-mouth . . . I was in island heaven.Desserts were total home runs -- the melting chocolate souffle is mandatory for any chocolate lover. In fact, it tastes the same at every Roy's we've been to . . . it never disappoints. A total surprise . . . and a one . . . was the chocolate coconut cheesecake which came with a side of mango sorbet . . . or did she say it was pineapple sorbet . . . whatever . . . it was the accompaniment to the light and fluffy cheesecake.We also ordered a bottle of Newton claret which was a modestly priced wine and as my husband said as he swirled and sipped it . . . I know my wines . . . Having to always be the exception, I ordered the he Original Hawaiian Martini, which was what I considered my dessert. It was a juicy combination of Maui pineapple, vodka and coconut rumMMMMM!It was truly a evening from start to finish. You may be asking why I didn't give it five stars then if there were no misfires . . . that five star is reserved for Roy's Hawaiian restaurants that really do create the aloha experience with some special touches only that can only be there! [SEP]
4	Just recently drove by this Target. It was one of my favorites. Now it's closed! [SEP]
5	Yes, the place is busy every time I go there, and it takes 20 minutes or so to get your orderYes, the inside is and with folding tables and could definitely use a makeoverYes, the location is...ummm...well lets just say its a working class neighborhoodBUT they've got the fish tacos I've ever had, and everything on their Mexico City street food style menu is outstanding. The $1 tacos are mini-tacos so get 3 or 4 of them, a couple of fish tacos, maybe a side of rice and/or beans and you will be all set.Go there. Just leave yourself plenty of time, it's the wait. [SEP]
5	Food--The fire roasted garlic tomato soup is excellent. They sprinkle tortilla chips for garnish over a tiny dollop of cream. Mmmmm. Yummy. The mixed green salad with albacore tuna is also a choice, as is the turkey wrap and CA Chicken sandwich with pesto mayo. Drip coffee and espresso drinks are good, too. Overall, everything tastes because it's made fresh. No pre-packaged items here.Seating--Lots of booths and tables inside and out. They have a little set up with what looks to be 'lounge' chairs that accommodates 6 with swivel tables perfect, for savoring your beverage of choice. The rest of the dining area looks it has capacity for about 100 people, if all seats were filled despite a placard declaring the maximum capacity is '311'.Peak times--avoid lunchtime during the weekdays. It would appear that all of Surprise is feenin for a sandwich or soup/salad special from PB during 11-1PM. The lines are long and you can forget about getting back to in under an hour if you factor in commute time, food prep & consumption. IT'S IMPOSSIBLE. The only time service has been 'fast' is during breakfast. I've been there for a breakfast networking event and on a Saturday. During these times, I received my order and had little locating a table.Free stuff--this would include WiFi, bread samples with tasty spreads, muffin and/or cookie bits. points for stuff!PB is open Mon-Sat 7AM-9PM and Sun 7AM-6PM. [SEP]
5	Awesome! I highly this place! atmosphere inside and out, the bar design is and the patio is the spot for relaxing and drinks with friends. I went for the second time recently and have to give this place a review. The menu is and fresh! The mixed drinks are and the wine on tap was an extremely surprise. Plus, you can't beat their hour seven days a week! I have had the crab cake BLT and the halibut sandwich, which were both out of this world! Everything I saw coming out of the kitchen looked and I can't wait to go back and try all the others. The servers were and about their menu which is always a big plus! As a parent, I that this place is a day/night out spot for a date or hanging with friends but also a family oriented neighborhood joint where I can bring my kiddo along! that Churn is next door to get some yummy dessert after an meal! The design is spot on for this area! job! [SEP]
4	Yumm! Thai tea, spicy Thai beef salad, number 23a and a 32, all of it was delicious! I this place. Just don't go in a hurry because you will be there a while [SEP]
2	Can't remember the last time I was at a Rock Cafe. This visit was only for 1) Amanda Peachey's face and voice 2) the jungle humidity inside the place.Our servers were attentive. Our drinks were frequently refilled. But it's just not as rock when it's so family friendly. It's a very small space, and being in downtown Phoenix on a Saturday night in summer, it was sparsely populated as well. Maybe I'm missing the point, but drinks and signed guitars on the walls do not bang my shutters. [SEP]
4	The Breakfast Club is as as you'll find. The blueberry pancakes are superb, their coffee is beyond description. For a change of pace, try their Eggs Benedict, Southwestern style. A spot within walking distance...a beauty. [SEP]
5	Thomas was very welcoming and a server/bartender. Came in close to close and still gave us time to our late night date. My lady and i's date night are few and far between so to be able to have a experience tonight is very appreciated. Thomas and citizen! [SEP]
3	Appears to be CLOSED.Phone number not in service. Went by last week & was all locked up with a realtor sign on the building. [SEP]
5	Dr. Ken Danyluk and his team offer an Orthodontic experience. Team Orthodonitcs offers many Orthodontic soluitions for all ages. Whether patients choose traditional braces, Invisalign or Hidden Brace lingual braces behind their teeth, they always leave happy! [SEP]
4	I really it here. There is a big window that looks into the kitchen where you can watch the noodle chef hand make the noodles for your dish. My is #17, Beef with garlic noodles. The beef is sliced thin and served cold. The sauce is a fish sauce, the fish is strong, but it doesn't taste strong, the citrus and garlic are more evident. The only reason I'm not giving 4 stars is because the water taste really here. Opt for a soda. [SEP]
5	Let's start by disclosing that I grew up in New Orleans, went to school in Lafayette (home of the Ragin Cajuns), and REALLY know New Orleans/cajun food. I grew up eating po-boys, gumbo, red beans, and wouldn't consider eating any of these if not prepared. That said, I can truly say that Jennifer and the Flavors of Louisiana gang make cajun food as as any you'll find in New Orleans--SERIOUSLY. The po-boys are spot on (though the bread could be a little crustier) and the chicken & andouille gumbo is even than mine--and, I you, that's GOOD. Frankly, I've never had better. The only thing that is not as as it gets is the red beans and rice. They're good, but not quite the creamy Washday Monday staple that I grew up on. My cajun grandmother has Jennifer beat on that one, but not by much. But, if you want a special treat and want to taste something that all, get a sausage po-boy. sausage or smoked sausage po-boys are a New Orleans staple and my po-boys of all. But, Jennifer blows them all away with her home-made andouille. Simply put, I've never had sausage--ever. It's the reason her gumbo is soooo and her po-boy the ever.I've eaten at Flavors many times, even though I live across town. Every time I go, I eat a and bring some home to eat later. I have no affiliation with the restaurant, but wanted to post this as a review from someone who really knows New Orleans food and as a you to Jennifer and her crew for giving me a source for the flavors in the World (not just Louisiana). As a matter of fact, I even the fact that Jennifer is from Baton Rouge, instead of New Orleans or Lafayette and for not having any USL/UL Lafayette paraphernalia on the LSU/Saints wall. At least that is, so long as she keeps her to open another restaurant on the east side of town--that is, a lot closer to where I live.If you want the ONLY cajun food in Phoenix, treat yourself to Flavors of Louisiana. For me, it's just a visit to any of my po-boy shops in the old neighborhoods. It really is that good. [SEP]
5	sports bar. TV's galore. food. Outside patio. While many places claim to be sports bars, for some reason they wind up not paying attention to the TV's and wind up with hair removal infomercials playing.This place knows what they are doing with the tv's. I was watching the manager who looked had a spreadsheet with every game planned out and on what tv's. They also play the sound from the game. [SEP]
2	Have been here several times prior, food is ok and service is at best. Sitting at the bar to eat and drink does not = fast, quality service. It equates to unattentive bartenders watching sports rather than clearing plates or pouring drinks. An empty pint should have another offered in its place, and napkins on plates are indicators that one is done! Fifteen minutes passed before plates were cleared!!! Service MUST improve!!! [SEP]
5	Probably the mall I've ever been to. Anchored by five mega stores - Nordstrom, Nieman Marcus, Macy's, Dillards and Barneys New York. It's so big, it took a couple of hours just to walk it.My wife called it the mall she's ever been too. Nuff said. [SEP]
2	When I bought my house a year ago, it came with a big, half-dead front lawn. I decided to do a landscape out there instead, & called a number of landscape contractors I found here on Yelp & also at the Home & Garden Show at the fairgrounds.I soon learned that this is an unprofessional industry overall. I had several company representatives never return my call to set up an appointment to come over & do a survey. I had others schedule an appointment & not show up. I had others come & do the initial survey but never get back in touch with me with a price. One guy I called said he would look at my yard on Google Earth & email me a survey. (He never did, & I guess a $3500 job didn't make it his while to come over for a few minutes!) I had a couple of others who got back in touch but with only a materials list. I had asked for a sketch of what they would DO with my yard for all this money! After probably more than a dozen tries, I finally had 3 legitimate, complete surveys in hand to decide between, & the price range only varied about $500.One of my surveys was from Tom Baird at Environments. After the survey, he emailed me a materials list & a CAD drawing that gave me a idea what my new yard would look like. I it, so I went with them. Next, though, my job got handed off to another company rep, David Inness. David was likable, but the job ended up changing considerably from the agreement I had with Mr. Baird. For instance, I was that a BobCat skip loader would be used to dredge down 4 to remove the old grass before the new materials were applied. That & other were not fulfilled.On installation day, three workers (& no Foreman Chico whom I was would be here) came out to do the work. They didn't remove the grass at all, but rather put down some black plastic material over about HALF (!) of the yard. I complained, & one of the workers called Chico on his cell phone & handed it to me. Chico explained to me that they weren't going to dig down, or put down any more plastic, unless I wanted to go to the hardware store & buy some more myself! I tried to call David Inness, but he was unreachable.The materials included a big pile of & a big pile of gravel to be used for the job. The workers hand shoveled the to form the contoured mounds as planned, but then only applied a very thin coating of the gravel on top, leaving most of the big pile on the driveway, AND LEFT! That was it, they told me, & that I could use the rest of the tons of gravel that I had bought in planters around the place, or if I wanted, they would have it picked up in a couple days!After trying to call for a day or two, I finally reached David Inness, who got the workers to come back over & finish applying the gravel, which they did, but unevenly. The gravel depth ended up being zero to 3 deep. I moved it around some myself to even it up, but I shouldn't have had to, & since I didn't get the dig-down preparation, the gravel was already skating out onto the surrounding driveway & sidewalk. David had the workers now dig down a little around the edges, so that the of the gravel would be down about an inch to stay put better.This was the contractor experience I have ever had in my life. The only thing saving it from a 1-Star rating is that the plan for the layout of the & plants was followed, & the yard does look now. Of course I have a with grass coming up through the gravel, since it wasn't scooped out as promised. (I attempted to it ahead of time with & grass as directed, but all my estimators told me you really need to do both.)If I had it to do over, I would have gone with Michael at Breese Landscaping instead. [SEP]
4	After one night, I had a rediculous craving for some Thai Curry, so I remembered driving past this place and always seeing cars parked out front. So, I thought, let's go there! I did! I was a little freaked out when I pulled up @ 7PM, and there were no cars in the parking lot. Then again, it is in Sun City, so their dinner rush ends @ 6, so it made sense. I ordered the Yellow Curry with Rice and the Fish Patty with Cucumber Chili sauce as an appetizer. Everything was so flavorful! I would this place to anyone looking for a Thai experience. I did not give this a 5, only because I am still learning about Thai food. [SEP]
4	Got the chance to go out with the wife and WITHOUT the child, so we decided to go here after reading about Beckett's Table in the paper.A lot more casual than I was expecting, but not necessarily in a way; I just assumed that being voted into the 5 restaurants in the city, the place would have a touch more snooty-factor. Kinda an upscale, family restaurant if that makes sense.I started with the creamy grits and schreiner's sausage trio. I have to say it was my first time for grits. dish, I may polenta to grits, but this dish was done really well. Wife went with the brussel sprouts. Very tasty, but to see as an appy - thought it might be more of a side. Seeing as they're not on the menu anymore, it doesn't matter.Mains: I had the Short Ribs and my broad had the Cast Iron Chicken. I was blown away with the short ribs - they were indeed fork tender, as I didn't lift my once for this plate. flavourful mash with the red wine reduction. Truly a dish. Wife's chicken was as well. Smoky, chicken with the stuffing.Bacon cheddar biscuits were ordered, but we had to take them home as we were both stuffed. A little dry, but the next day, however.Service was rushed in the beginning, as our waiter asked how are meals were, but was gone before I could answer. He was in the weeds though as it was hella busy for a while. He made up for it later in the meal.Dessert: wife had Nutella pudding and it was adequate. The coffee creme brule on the other hand was outstanding. Thick and rich, and packed of caffeine. finish. Oh, and cocktail menu too.Will return. [SEP]
3	staff and office.From what I have seen, somewhat frequent turnover with the Dr.'s I've had.Right now I have Dr. Susman, she's concise, to the point, compassionate, to understand.Oral surgeon Dr. Lillien does his job well, I got my teeth out without complications or later.Healed up well.Scheduled out far so to get an appointment in if you have specific avail abilities.Certain staff could use more training on procedure and techniques to expedite the process and minimize x-ray radiation time.Julie is doing a breast walk, so donate (personal check) and get teeth whitening kit for 99 dollars.About staff:Kendall is very and professional.Noreen seems she could use more training (quite a few x-ray retakes with bite tabs), but she was overall.The process took a bit longer than I anticipated.Suggestions:Train the staff thoroughly, with technique and procedure so it can speed up customer service. especially with bite tab as as the other kind (the red circular one). Customers to minimize their radiation exposure time : )Clean office and reception staff. Dr. Susman was to the point and very about wahts going on and what to do next.downfall:Scheduling can be somewhat if ppl have specific avail abilities but in general, reception staff is very [SEP]
4	How much is pizza worth? Is it being subjugated by a tyrranical owner slinging pizza? Maybe, but only if it's really good, which the pizza at Joe's happens to be. Decisions, decisions. It smacks of the soup nazi in its contradiction. If the pizza weren't so delicious, this would be a quick and decisively review. Sadly, for me the reviewer, for me the consumer, it isn't that easy.My suggestion is to go during the day, before Joe is embittered by partiers and the lunch special is available. [SEP]
4	bar. Gets PACKED during hour, and on weekends after 9pm. Sometimes the music is a little too to hold a dinner conversation. But hey maybe I'm just getting old.The sushi is good, above average good. Yes, as other reviewers noted, you can find better. But no other sushi place I've been to in Arizona can serve up fish every time I come in. [SEP]
1	My wife and I have going to this restaurant on Thursday night for past three months to have a beer and a slice. A couple weeks ago I went there for the usual but there was an NFL game and a World series game on and the restaurant was busy. I put my name in and waited for my wife and the table. 30 minutes went by and wife had not shown up and the table had just become available. Hostess said I can't seat you unless your other party shows up first. I called my wife, she cancelled. Hostess would not seat me as a single...TERRIBLE..Hostess did not tell me this when I first put my name in. WON'T BE GOING TO ANY OF THE ZIPPS EVER AGAIN. [SEP]
3	Every time I visit my parents, I pass this place and see a long line of cars. Curiosity (and a set of luggage my parents found here) finally convinced me to stop by. Well, it's a flea market. WYSIWYG. There's the (nice luggage, some jewelry, some foodstuffs), the (the same Southwestern stuff you find in any gift shop from San Antonio to San Diego), and the (several I [heart] Columbus Beanie Babies). I'll come back if I'm looking for something in particular (chiefly luggage or salsa) or want to get a souvenir for a relative I don't very much. [SEP]
5	I have tried finding a spin class in Arizona that is of the intensity and that this studio offers. Bar none. The CoreBalance Studio has instructors that push you to your in an way. The unique thing about this studio is they use the RealRider (or is it RealRyder?) bikes that cause you to turn and left to your obliques.Outstanding workout! I it to everyone who wants to get into shape. [SEP]
5	This is another one of those restaurants I would have never known about if it wasn't for Yelp. San Diego Bay Restaurant is tucked away in the corner of a shopping center on the main in Guadalupe.It's taken me a long time to review this place. The first time I went was over two years ago and I've been back a few times. I have to admit, I've never had Mexican seafood. since it's been awhile, I've forgotten what I ordered. I can tell you this though, every dish has been superb. Each bite was heaven. I left wanting to try everything on the menu. The servers always steered me towards dishes with their and I've taken many people here, much to their delight. They've all raved about it. [SEP]
2	I couldn't agree with David more. The owner is definitley an person. The more money she thinks you make, the more she will talk to and you! So tell her you are RICH!! (Sorry Didi C.) As for the food - Ho VN food at high for what you get prices. The Pho is very avg and double the usual price. They don't charge a corkage fee for BYOB which is nice. [SEP]
5	Picazzo's Organic Italian Kitchen is a in the many pizza locations that can be found in the Phoenix area. Picazzo's boasts a menu which includes appetizers, salads, organic and gluten-free pastas, and of course pizza and dessert! One cannot go with any of the categories of foods Picazzo's offers, but there are certainly favorites that can be ordered upon ones first visit. Picazzo's offers a casual yet atmosphere upon entering their establishment. One is greeted immediately by their hostess at the door and then you are seated at one of their many tables (or the bar area if you prefer). The atmosphere is with their seating, and upon entering.One of their appetizers is their Mama's Meat-za Balls ($9.50). Made with three meatballs with mozzarella, artichoke hearts, organic tomato sauce, basil, and Parmesan, it is a savory appetizer that starts the meal off on the foot. One can choose from one of their many pasta dishes or their pizza creations, or even create your own creation. If going with one of their creations, I would their Nonna's (gluten free) ($16.50, $21.00, $25.00). This pizza is a combination of organic olive oil and garlic, Fontina and mozzarella cheeses, mushrooms, tomatoes, goat cheese, Kalamata olives, and basil. Melts in your mouth and one can eat more than one expected! If even after all of this you still crave something - One cannot go with electing their Chocolate Chip Skillet Cookie ($7.00). This combination includes two scoops of organic vanilla bean or coconut vanilla ice cream served with your choice of organic chocolate, chocolate mint, or chocolate raspberry sauce over a fresh-baked chocolate chip cookie. Oh dessert indeed!Picazzo's will leave you most and with all that is good. With the ingredients, Picazzo's takes care in delivering the in atmosphere and dish. Stop by Picazzo's Organic Italian Kitchen today for an meal. [SEP]
4	This place was unique for me because everyone seemed they were inside smoking but it was an indoor outdoorish place. There were heated lights and it was the only place that I found where if you walked the streets there weren't a lot of people. The food was good, I had the steak fajita, which you can't go because its just steak. But I also had a fish taco which was good. My boyfriend had the pick three meal, so he picked tacos, chimichanga, and enchilada. His choice was and the chimichanga was delish. The bathrooms were very rustic looking but it seemed to look that way, for a place that.They had live music Friday night, where a guy was doing covers on a few songs.The waitstaff was overall and they checked back at us here and there.Overall I'd go back if I was in around Scottsdale again! [SEP]
5	What can I say about this place? I it. Its straight up the road from my place. You can find everything here, not just Asian food. When I get a hankering for Bombay spice, off to Lee Lee I go. I their meat counter. I get chills deciding which pork hocks I want. The fish fry service is nice. They have stuff I can't live without and can't find anywhere else i.e. aloe vera juice and those dessert rice and of course, the makoks. The cashiers can be a lil raunchy though just and nod. And a little known secret? The vegetables are on Fridays. [SEP]
4	I needed to get away and Hyatt vacations was offering these rooms for a ($79 a night Xmas week!) so I decided to come here. The grounds were absolutely beautiful. they had a spell and I was to use the 10 pools, jacuzzi, waterslide, or any other outdoor facilities, but I did take a short walk around. I also had a balcony looking out at the pools and the mountains, but it was too to utilize that too. The restaurants were too pricxey for me so I can't speak to those. Parking is at the hotel. I did check out the Native American Education Center and thought that was a thing to have. I never did make it to the spa unfortunately. Service was notch: when I first arrived my key did not and I stopped an engineer in the hall who got a new key sent up, and when I asked her where the ice machine was, she said I could call the bellman and he would bring some to me (I couldn't be that lazy, so I did go down the hall and get it myself). The bathroom was stocked with Portico products (decent sized bottles) and had a ginormous shower with a rainfall head and a handheld jet. I also the small light under the mirror which I could leave on at night rather than having to leave a larger light on. There was a refrigerator in the room which I used to stock water and bubbly from the Safeway down the road (the hotel is very to many restaurants and shops). One of the things was that the wake up call was a old fashined person, not a machine, and she offered to call me back--gotta a live snooze button! When I went to check out, the folio on the TV showed charges, so I called downstairs, explained I had prepaid the package, and the front desk people solved the very quickly to my satisfaction. Also, they have machines by the front desk that allow you to check in and print your boarding pass.My one and why I did not give it a fifth star: charging for internet. Seriously, in this day and age, that to me felt it was nickling and diming the guests, many who pay a lot to stay at the resort.For those who go to Scottsdale, I definitely the Hyatt at Gainey Ranch (and check out the Hyatt Vacations website for some deals).UPDATE: I checked my cc bill three days later and they had double charged me after all, despite giving me a zeroed out receipt. form, Hyatt. She credited back to me, but what if I hadn't noticed? [SEP]
1	I was to go to the lululemon athletica at Scottsdale Quarter because I really shopping at the previous store that closed in Scottsdale. something has changed... I walked into the store and while there were more sales clerks than customers, no one said a word to me and no one asked if I needed any help. They were all too busy talking with one another. And to add to to injury... one clerk had to walk around me (didn't ask if I needed help) and went to play with one of the customers dogs.... I had fully intended to buy a Christmas gift there, but left because the service was so and I did need help with the sizing. I went over to the Nike store and had a totally different experience, very positive. I'll stick with Lucy and Nike where they their customers. [SEP]
1	It saddens me to say that this isn't the Mexican restaurant we've eaten at, that's on Oahu near Waikiki beach, but it's close. it we had to drive by Arriba's to get to this place. I had a chimichanga that was a little anemic, though what there was of the filling was ok, beans tasteless, rice looked the part but as spicy as your average UK meal involving boiled meat and root vegetables. Erin's Fajita salad was similarly with all the appearance of being tasty yet chicken. Usually, unless there's an attempt at chefing as opposed to cooking I'll order a basic dish ( I don't shoot the chef though and me these guys are from Agent Sands , very safe) for the first time out and if the beans/rice suck.. no return.Overall It feels aliens, space ones, are running the place and they learned cooking from pictures. It's certainly a we won't be repeating. [SEP]
2	Went here about two months ago and am only now getting around to reviewing it. I think that should stand for something in terms of my experience there.The service was ridiculous. If one is going to charge the prices they charge for regular Americanized asian food... at LEAST make sure the menus you hand people are clean. Or your plates for that matter. Or silverware. Seriously! Did EVERYTHING have to be covered in grit or a substance?Next up... the menu. Not everyone eats meat. How about a little more choices for us who tofu over animal?I ordered the Coconut Curry Vegetables. bland. I've had more flavor out of an unseasoned packet of ramen. And would it them to actually put some tofu on the plate?I guess I just don't understand the hype. The prices are for the quality received. You're off going to some little hole in the wall place where the food actually tastes food and not reheated leftovers. [SEP]
5	We were in AZ visiting out for Thanksgiving and really wanted so go AZ mexican food but had to go to a place with a full bar for some Margaritas. This place came up on Yelp and looked so we figured we would give it a try. The food was good. My son had a cheese crisp, wife had beef enchiladas and a chicken taco, Mother-in-law had pork tamales, and I had the beef green chile. They gave us to big baskets of chips and salsa (which we eat too much of!). Everything was good, but the margaritas were really good. I always try the house first time I go someplace since I think it is a judge of how a place is and theirs did not disappoint. I think they should advertise them more because they are so good. Very tasting! Next time we go back to AZ we will definitely visit again. [SEP]
5	This place is perfect! food, service and people. We will be back over and over again! We ordered a few different things on the menu and all were (Stetson chopped salad, scallops, testosterone salad). Lovvvve it! [SEP]
4	I this place. It was a change of pace. I'm really not into spicy food, but the food wasn't really spicy, although it had a kick to it. The place was a little small for my taste, but the food made up for it. The staff is very and the prices were reasonable, compared to the huge servings of food. I went with a group. I had a blood orange mojito, and we shared some of their chicken, cornbread, creamed corn, steak, prawns, and the chipotle potatoes. [SEP]
2	I'm sure these bagels have never seen water, and to be they reminded me of nothing so much as the failbagels of my childhood. I guess our first should have been the CAPPUCCINO poster in the window, showing what appeared to be (coffee?) chocolate milkshakes with whipped cream and chocolate. :(Two stars because it was, technically, an edible bagel, though my husband and I only managed to each finish half of ours. [SEP]
4	Four days and maybe seven hours ago, our hunger brought us forth to eat cheesesteak, to try a new restaurant, conceived in Philly, but to the proposition that not all cheesesteaks are created equal.We shared a large chicken cheesesteak with everything (onions, bell peppers), and cheese wiz, along with some potato fries.The chicken cheesesteak came with a amount of chicken, with a lot of flavor. There is a free-range mini fridge that is stocked with , peppers, and fry sauce which is so you can customize your order with as many or as little peppers as you want. While the ingredients were quality, the cheesesteak as a whole naturally doesn't really compare to any I've had in Philly, but it's for Arizona!The potato fries were my part of the meal. They tasted freshly cut, and were cooked with just the amount of crunch while still and inside.So would our forefathers be by Forefathers? They probably wouldn't know what a cheesesteak would be, but if they tasted one, I would say they would be! [SEP]
5	I had a dinner there. One of my in a long time. It was sucha treat. Once in a while you have to take care of yourself and just what life has to offer. Chef Juan was to talk to. Seems this guy has been there sinsr they ground. If you truely yourself take a walk around the grounds after dinner and a cigar at the big Fire Pit or over by the dock.Life is good. [SEP]
4	It's rare that I have a date with my husband on a Monday afternoon/evening, but this past Memorial Day, we did just that. After a quick visit to the Science Center (the Van Gogh alive exhibit is a must-see by the way), we were hungry so we headed over to Rice Paper. Neither of us had ever been before, and we were with our experience.It was a tad bit too to sit outside, although they do have a covered patio with misters. We walked in and were seated and greeted by Al, our server. He's quite the character. He made us laugh quite a bit in addition to being and making some recommendations. We the renovated house / hip atmosphere as well.We ended up ordering a few things and sharing. Highlights included the firecracker shrimp. a spider roll, a shrimp roll, and a zen salad. Everything was light and tasted fresh. We really the dipping sauces that came with the spring rolls. They've got such a huge selection of the spring rolls, that I can't wait to return to try some of the others. They don't have a huge selection of Vietnamese entrees, but it appears that they will custom create a bit upon request.I highly going for the food hour. It's from 3pm - 6:30pm and includes $6 appetizers & $1 off all spring rolls. Such a deal! We didn't take of it, but the drinks hour is actually 11am - 6:30pm and specialty drinks are $6, house wine by the glass is $5, drinks are $4, and draft beer is just $2.75.If only Rice Paper was a tad bit closer to home, I could see myself being a regular... Instead, I'll keep it high on my list of spots to return to when I find myself heading downtown! [SEP]
5	it! Closest thing in Tempe to the food we actually had in Thailand. [SEP]
4	Recently ate at Macaroni Grill at Ridge, went with friends and drank wine and ate light, just grilled veggie platter with rosemary bread. It was so delicious. The veggies were grilled perfectly, very flavorful, the bread was dipped in olive oil with pepper. We drank the family wine which is the house Chianti you pour yourself. Had a evening, stayed almost 3 hours. Service was excellent! [SEP]
4	This is an outer arts district staple in the Valley. The neighborhood is if you don't know the area, but it is the possibility of having your car vandalized to stop in. live performances, mellow guitar, etc. and food. Hummus plate, Mm. Greek salad, yum. Cheesecake, yes please. The service is European style so expect to wait and wait some more. Seat yourself inside or out on the patio.Across from a locally-owned boutique you can stop by if you're there earlier in the day. I stocked up on the 70% off gift certificates for this little of a place at: http://www.citydeals.com/deals-merchant-Paisley-Violin-Cafe-Phoenix-AZ-LOC41462852.html?id=2852You can me later. I'll probably be at the table next to you. [SEP]
5	this place !Food is spicy and always cooked just right. Menu changes every so often and have nightly specials too. Service is great. No matter what night you go it is busy.it is a little find. [SEP]
5	Cibo! Cibo! Cibo! I you and your old farm house, your pizza, wine, crepe desserts, and staff!I want to live in the apartment above the restaurant!! Go to Cibo for food, atmosphere, and a time for a girls night or on a date. Cibo has quickly become my place in Phoenix! *They're closed on Sundays...found this out the way. [SEP]
1	La Grande Orange Grocery has a problem. It can't decide what it wants to be when it grows up, and that makes the overall experience iffy. Is it a quick mart? A grocery store? A restaurant? A coffee shop? Unfortunately, it can't be all of them.I La Grande Orange Pizzeria, when there is table service, wait-staff, and food. But during the day on the weekends, the Grocery is too busy and unorganized to tolerate. It is not set up for the crowd, they do a job of line management, and when there is a line to order, the rest of the Grocery is to navigate. To it off, the counter staff shouts at you when your food is ready. Unnecessary.I'll certainly be back at night for the pizza, the wings, and to partake of the gelato shop adjacent to LGO. But I'm that I won't be back for the weekend chaos. [SEP]
3	Pool supplies next to Quiznos Subs! [SEP]
4	A very inconspicuous coffee shop located below Elizabeth Arden's Red Door Spa. They have a couple of pastries but just ordered an iced coffee for $3.00. It was a bit ''watery'' for my taste but on a afternoon, it hit the spot. Wish they had sugar water to flavor it but didn't see it available. [SEP]
1	I found Gaylee to be the most unprofessional nail tech. I found her on an internet deal. I called her on Sat and requested an apt on the following Friday. She never returned my call till I reported her. She my 5 messages and said she only got one msg which she couldn't return cause she her voice. She had a voice after she was investigated. I would never her to do my nails. Yet reading the reviews she did return some calls. [SEP]
4	If your going to see the Phoenix Coyotes at Jobing.com arena.....or the Arizona Cardinals at the University of Phoenix stadium....then you you can't really the experience that is the Westgate City Center. Now it is not a mall by any means...and the parking is a bit confusing...but it does have it's own and style. During the summer months it is the place to go after a game or event at the stadiums...because you can grab some dinner....a drink...take a walk....or just out and watch the stars in the skies over Glendale Arizona. The part about all of this along with the close proximity to the stadiums.....is the parking is FREE....can't beat that. Eat, Drink, and be my Friends!!!! [SEP]
2	The kids and I Starbucks but this one leaves a lot to be desired.. We have been here a hand full of time and each time I keep asking myself why do I go back to this one? The service there is almost rude. They seem as if they are to be busy. They never seem to be to service you. Drinks take forever to make, even though they aren't as busy as other ones are. We won't even go into the fact that my order has been up the last 2 times.The main I have is the fact that 3 out of 5 times when sitting and relaxing with a snack, someone has to sweep the floor near me. Really? While I am sitting there?There are much Starbucks and I think I am going to try some others locally.12/06 - The kids and I went in today for our snack wanted to say things were today. I am not going to change my rating until after my next visit ;) [SEP]
5	Thanks for the reinforcement talk, and explaining, I just need to take my time. Thanks Robin, you me,I have been sick, and so has my family. I have the last couple of weeks and boy can I feel the difference. You know when something for a period of time?? Then you have to start all over, but that o.k.Thank you again Jim and Robin for taking those few extra minutes to ask me how I am doing and how my kids are since I have been gone. Thanks so much for caring, weather its about my kids or my knees or the fact that I have a pump in my stomach and have a time laying on my stomach, which Robin saw I was not putting full weight down on my stomach. She asked me after class what was going on and if I was O.K. She made me feel and cared about. Where are you ever going to be working out and after class the teacher checks in with you, to make sure everything is alright. Jim and Robin this practice and so do I. I feel what makes them different is the caring aspect. The checking in with you. If you ever have a question, Jim and Robin will ALWAYS take the time answer questions or just see how you are doing!!! Thanks Jim and Robin! I will be back soon!!!! you for being the Bikram yoga around and thanks for just being non-judgmental, caring, and for everyone in the class to push harder and just do it the way!!!! your studio, Robin and Jim as people!!!!!!! This is the place to either start or to be challenged.Thanks, Nicole Skarderud [SEP]
5	My husband and I have been going to the Touch of Thai for years. We meet up there at least twice a month for a lunch date. On special occasions we take friends and family there for dinner. I the wait staff - especially Nick! His and jokes always make our day! For the amount of food you get at lunch at the price they charge - you can't beat it. Everything is homemade and tastes fresh. #3 Yellow Curry is my hubby's favorite. coconut based sauce with yellow curry. The chicken is and the potatoes and carrots are cooked perfectly. I venture off and try things from time to time. The food is spicy. I the incorporation of herbs into the dishes. The soup served with lunch is always yummy and changes from time to time. We always get a side order of spring rolls. You need to try these! I the Pad Thai as as the #5 and #7 lunch specials. Meals are served quickly. Sometimes we have to get up and refill our own water glasses however I find this to be a wee bit charming. Feels I am home. If you go there on a regular basis the servers remember you, have your order into the kitchen before you even are seated, and always say hello and smile. [SEP]
4	Was not first trip, service was and place was deafening. But we thought food was trying again. So, now that the place has been open and matured it is much better. Our was good, the place was about 1/2 empty which made the level much more bearable.Food, very good. Not chicago family run good, but for the valley very good.I asked for my shrimp to be spicy and it was. Hsb can't handle so and his curried duck was mild as requested. The mustard wraps, and tasty. Hsb the peanut sauce. Chicken and lemongrass salad, flavors. We will be back. [SEP]
4	Honestly I go here rarely. My recent visit was to watch my godson while his parents were doing family picture photo shoot in the Chinese gardens and pond areas. You can walk the whole cultural center and its gardens in 10 minutes, so there isn't alot of sightseeing here. But to get a little glimpse of some replica gardens and seating structures from China, where else to go? So 4 stars for the somewhat gardens in back behind the shopping plaza, cuz there isn't any other place in the valley it. [SEP]
4	place that appeals to 2 very different crowds. My friends and I stayed downstairs for the majority of the night. The hip hop music was and the DJ had a music selection. The bartenders were very friendly, except for one of the blonde girls. When I put my empty beer bottle on the bar, she took it and I raised my hand to say you for taking it. Then she came back with another beer that I didn't order, and I think she got a little pissed because she me. At the end of the night, I asked for some water and she only gave me a bottle instead of just a cup of tap water and charged me $2. Don't be a lady!!GET A SHOT OF CAFE PATRON!!! If you coffee and patron, it's literally the of both worlds. And, to it all off, they are only $3 A SHOT!! Very priced. I had 3 within a span of an hour (I'm a heavyweight so I wouldn't that for everyone!)Upstairs, they have techno/house music and it's packed no other. The people are really though. They have battles and it's to just watch them for about 10 minutes. Depending on your scene, you can pick either floor. [SEP]
5	Pho-k yeah .......and the spring rolls too ........ [SEP]
1	Tonight at Noca PhoenixNo dinner -waited 1.5 hours with no communication only to be told they were out of the fish I ordered left the restaurant 2 hrs later very hungry Very [SEP]
5	I Sapporo. They have prices, a big menu, music always playing, entertainment (people watching), etc...Their sushi is very good. They have drinks. If you make a reservation for dinner you usually don't have to wait.P.S. They have deals for hour, but get there early cause it gets packed!! [SEP]
1	Won't be going there again. Our chicken was pink! Manager was a in regards to that and service was all around crappy. [SEP]
4	I stayed here with my family (3 people in 1 room) for 3 nights. What first attracted us was the rate, but what made us with the choice was the cleanliness, coolness (literally--good air conditioning), and accessibility of the hotel. It's wheelchair accessible. The part of the hotel is the staff. The front desk team was helpful--much more so than you typically see at a chain hotel--and they gave us regular maps/handouts as as printouts that were tailored individually for our needs. Even more astounding, though, was the of the room: the staff cleaned the room so after our first night that when we returned on day two, it looked we had just walked into the room for the first time. (In my experience, most hotels do a clean-up job in between guest stays rather than do a job every single day, but these folks are the exception.)Reasonable, breakfast. Eggs, swine, cereals, pastries, juice, milk, coffee, fruit, yogurt... You've had it a million times, but they do it just fine.The definition of 4 stars is Yay! I'm a fan. And that's true. Didn't give it 5 stars because it's not Woohoo! As as it gets! to me--mostly a product of the location and of distinctiveness as a hotel experience--I would only give 5 stars to an destination hotel, and that's not this place. [SEP]
4	I'm from New York, so you can bet the firs thing I asked everyone when I moved to Phoenix was where should I get some pizza? Everyone responded Pizzeria Bianco!, but a few ones told me to avoid the wait and check out Cibo. Still haven't made it to Bianco, but why bother? I've been to Cibo 3 times in the past few months and wouldn't have it any other way.The service has always been spectacular. There's a selection of beer and wine, and an almost impossible-to-choose-from selection of pizzas. We're not talking New York thin-slice sauce-and-cheese, we're talking locally sourced ingredients and artful combination. crust topped with the combination of meats, cheeses, and veggies galore.Your least part of the meal will definitely be trying to pronounce the names of the pizzas. Your part of the meal might be the pizza, or it might be the ambiance (hard to decide between the outside with live music and fire pit or the inside that boasts everything downtown Phoenix is at). Go with a group of friends and stay a while. [SEP]
3	I upon this Friday's while walking around Phoenix on a Sunday afternoon. I wanted to just go up and have a drink and then take some pictures of the empty baseball field. Phoenix was completely empty!When I got closer to Chase Field there were some more people and I realized that there was a game going on! I didn't think I would be able to get into Friday's because of the game; however, it wasn't very busy! I sat at the bar since I was by myself. But once I was there awhile, I noticed there were still tables open looking out into the ballpark. So basically you get to watch the game for as long as you are ordering stuff. I thought that was cool.As for the food/drink...I ordered a daiquiri when I sat down. It was bad. Almost too slushy. I looked through the menu and asked if they had any smaller portions or lunch portion. I was told that since it was a game day they have a different menu and everything is larger. So I didn't order any food.The service was good. The waiter was and another waitress named Kimmy even came up and talked to me for a little while. I'd definitely come here again just for the view. [SEP]
1	Having a experience flying from Boston to Reno. My connection was in Phoenix, and the flight from Boston was running a bit late. I asked both of the flight attendants if it would be possible to deplane before the other passengers as I had a very tight connection to make. One actually laughed at me and told me I would be fine. 12 hours, a nights sleep (as they did not offer me hotel accommodations) and two airport meals later I am sitting in the terminal waiting for my flight from Phoenix to Reno to board. buddy, not really fine. I my flight by 5 minutes. I would have been if US Airways offered their customers with tight connections the opportunity to deplane first, as every other airline I have flown on does. Will avoid them at ALL costs! [SEP]
4	went here for breakfast with some friends. it was busy and only had to wait maybe 10-15 mins to be seated. not too bad. quick service, we had coffee almost immediately. the food was delicious. standard breakfast food in my opinion. i got the corn beef hash meal. everything was good, and cooked the way i like. i would definitely come back here if i was in the area! [SEP]
5	my anniversary here. Everything was amazing. the filet mignon and the lobster with prawns. Luis was our server and made our experience truly amazing. He made everything perfect. He gave us our space, but at the same time entertained us when appropriate. He a wine to pair with the lobster, and made sure we were taken care. We capped our meal off with creme brulee and a dessert wine. We will definitely come back here and ask for Luis again. [SEP]
4	We had a lunch and our visit tremendously. Of special note though was the help I got from one of the guys on giving me some directions to Florance via the adventure route, It was very of him to spend this time with me. Thanks for the service. If you vist juisit make sure to take time on the patio and [SEP]
4	Rare find in the East Valley! Cupcakes and the place definitely has character!I ate a coconut cupcake with sprinkled coconut and on top. I only bought one cupcake and took it hope to share with my 3 roommates. It made me wish I had more cupcakes to share with the rest of them! We took our forks and gulped it down. The pink frosting was and melted in our mouth. The cupcake itself was very and moist. They must have substituted milk for the water while baking it, I could tell, so moist and mouth watering. I will be coming back here to eat for breakfast and lunch. Its a place to study. [SEP]
5	Very small, but food and wine. Some of the staff mentioned that they previously at Bomberos Cafe & Wine Bar (now Timo's Wine Bar).The concept of this place is killer. [SEP]
5	The Harkins Camelview 5 gives Arizonans the unique opportunity to see movies that are normally reserved for screens in NY and CA. Without this theater there would be very little chance to see independent or foreign films in Phoenix. I give a lot of credit to Dan Harkins for keeping this theater open. He certainly can't make much money at this location. It's financially to keep such a small theater operating on such prime real estate. This just shows Dan Harkin's to sharing films with the people of AZ. Thanks Dan! [SEP]
4	Burritooooooo lunch special!!!!! awesome, tons of chips and salsa [SEP]
4	If you want a neighborhood bar, Ernie's is exactly that. This is the place I go when I'm not looking to get all dolled up but I still want to go out. There is nothing unique about it, it is just a bar that is at being a bar. It also has all of the activities for drinking. I shuffleboard and a dive-bar is not a dive-bar without it. thing about theirs is it is in the patio area so you can while playing (I when I drink, yes filthy, habit I'm aware) ...sometimes they charge five bucks for the pucks other times not, depends on the bartender I think. They also have two pool tables, and I think tee. Their is a room that has karaoke. I am a singer and karaoke from time to time, the night I participated there were some singers and it was really to listen to everyone. The karaoke DJ. has a really selection of songs, lots to choose from you will probably find what you are looking for. I tend to get hit on every time I'm there which I guess is an ego but I would to be left alone at a place this. I'm usually in the mood to do my own thing with my own friends at a place this and don't feel making new friends but that's just me. Not sure about their drink selection, I always just get Michelob Ultra (lame I know) or cranberry/vodka...the mixed drinks are strong, their is though but to be expected. Always a laid back time at Ernies. They can count on me as a regular. [SEP]
4	I unashamedly this place. And it's not b/c I spend gobs of money here... it is b/c I don't have to drive and zig zag all over the Valley to sample (and decide if I like) many of our local food offerings...Essence's macaroons from Tempe, Tammie Coe cupcakes and MJ's breads (what I always look fwd to) from CenPho, growing selecting of gelatos from all the places you read about... it's a one stop sample shop (ok, you pay for it), and a place I always hit when I'm up in N. Scottsdale.The $5 cheese boxes are great, a mini of 3 cheese in their to-go section is a way to try new cheeses w/out risk. [SEP]
4	Good, quick option in downtown phoenix. We dined here before a Suns game and we got in and out with service and food in under 45 minutes. The Pho was very good, as was the noodle dish I ordered. [SEP]
4	It was a busy bustling little town perched atop a small hill between the Mountains to the east and the Goldfield Mountains to the west. The first gold-strike was made in 1892, and it took just a little under a year before the town came to life. One after another the town and approximately 4000 people who lived in the district for five years. The town boasted 3 saloons, a boarding house, general store, blacksmith shop, brewery, meat market and a school house. Just when it looked the town would outgrow Mesa, the vein faulted, the grade of ore dropped and the town a death. After several attempts to reopen the mines, the town did come to life again from 1910 on and off until 1926. [SEP]
4	While I am not usually a fan of corporate restaurants and brewpubs, BJ's in Chandler is an exception to the rule. The beer is as it is brewed on site and they usually have a couple of offerings that set them apart from the main street amber ale brewpub crowd. The deal is the all you can eat soup and salad at lunch for around $8.00. Food is above average pub food and the pizzas are a ok. They also make root beer for the kids. [SEP]
3	Traveling sure makes me hungry! After a long flight from Chicago I was just about to into my 3rd bag of pop chips when it was time for lunch. Hooray!I joined the Lindsey F and Gabi M for lunch here at Daily Dose. When we walked in Gabi told me it was a 3 star restaurant. I wasn't sure why we were eating at a 3 star restaurant when surrounded by so many dining establishments, but any food would do.We were able to grab a table immediately, the menu is extensive and our waitress was friendly. But yep..3 stars. My rock shrimp tacos sure beat another bag of pop chips, but weren't anything special. And the waitress forgot about our hummus appetizer.If I was in the area I wouldn't hesitate to grab a quick bite or drink here, but nothing here to hop on a plane back to Phoenix. [SEP]
3	Food is good. Don't take kids though.Kids pasta was $7 with no accompaniments. [SEP]
5	place for a dinner, A place to bring friends for cocktails and food [SEP]
3	place in Tempe. ambiance outdoors on the patio. Service is very sketchy...sometime good, sometimes bad, never great. [SEP]
1	Went for lunch. Took over 30 min for food to arrive. Ordered chef salad. Made with processed turkey and ham. Also with processed cheese slices. childs choc milk was not mixed up. Kraft mac & cheese on kids menu. Won't come back again. [SEP]
5	I the Valley Ho! It's a property with rooms, a pool, an restaurant -- Trader Vic's and a really spa. Be sure to stay in the newly re-modeled Loft Suite. It's two stories and it's fantastic! If I was to take a stay-cation, I would be sure to stay at the Valley Ho! And for all you out-of-towner's who want to stay in Old Town Scottsdale and be close to shopping, restaurants, and nightclubs, the Valley Ho should be at the of your list! [SEP]
5	Going to Botanical Garden is the field trip for a day today... I've been to DBG a handful of times for events, exhibit openings, meetings, and of course Yelp In (a yelper party that I planned a couple of years ago)... but today I went with my son and we met some other friends with the sole purpose of checking out the butterfly exhibit.We didn't get to have a butterfly land on us, but we did see tons of butterflies. There were orange butterflies and yellow butterflies and striped butterflies, etc... The flowers in the pavillion are to look at as well. We visited the gift kiosk afterward and took home a butterfly finger puppet, which I know we will get tons of use from (only $6.25). The exhibit runs until May 13th, so don't it!And if you do find yourself with more time while you're there, definitely check out the design for a living world exhibit as well... I saw that when it first opened and it was really cool. The photography alone is a visit.I just wish I had more time to explore DBG more often! [SEP]
5	This place is awesome. Just bought a powers darkseid. Will def be back for more. Lots of figures. prices and staff. [SEP]
5	This place gets it from the moment you walk in the door. Signed baseballs jerseys and bats by legends on the wall, a host to greet you and when you sit down they ask if you want chopped liver. It comes with bits of egg and onion, rye bread and bagel chips. Our waiter, Jeff, was and attentive, even lending us his flashlight to read an old newspaper story in the rafters. The cream of mushroom soup made from was superb. Our mains were baby back ribs, the specialty of the house, cooked with a flavorful sauce. The 'broasted' chicken was to for: moist and juicy with a crispy outer skin. The fries were piping hot, as they should be. And the portions are beyond generous.We topped it off with key lime pie, light and tasty, an to the meaty mains. And the bill was under $60, an deal. As a bonus, some of the players drop in during spring training. [SEP]
5	My family has been going to Dr. Brittan for 10 years. He is an dentist and can handle any situation you can throw at him. [SEP]
3	I went there on March 7th in the late afternoon. My friend ordered before me and got a burger meal. AND THE POWER WENT OUT AS I WAS ORDERING!! My friend ordered about 5 minutes before me so I got to eat some of her steak fries....the were awesome!! Other than that not much else to say. Gotta try them again some time. The Nutter Butter looked full of calories but delicious. next time! [SEP]
3	I have been to this restaurant several times. I can say it has been each time with the first time being absolutely terrible. Why did I return? Because I was with a friend who wanted to try it and I couldn't believe it would be so the second time. It was a bit and most recently it was good. The hostess initially was very French in that she was affected and snooty and yes, a young American woman. Initially we had a very experience with a fire that continually went off, the staff didn't apologize and did not comp us anything. Other diners just left without paying or waiting for their meal. It has since been better, but I certainly am to return. There are many other restaurants from which to chose! [SEP]
3	Yelpers prove to be yet again with the average 3 stars on this one... I was craving sushi and had a date with my sister-in-law last night to do dinner and a movie... It just so happened that Eat Pray was playing at the Tempe Marketplace Harkins Theater, so we decided to meet at Kabuki before the movie. I walked in first and asked how long the wait was for two... I as told 10 or 15 minutes. Not so bad... so I decided to wait. I walked outside and met up with my Alexa and we came back in about ten minutes later... As we did so, two other women came in and I saw that they were seated away. I looked at Alexa, looked up at the hostess stand, was thinking (WTF), and then went and asked where we were on the list. There are two tables before you, I was told. It will likely be another ten minutes or so. At that, I responded, is there another option, perhaps sushi bar, that I don't know about?And alas, there sure was... (they to give me that option when I originally checked-in). We were seated at the sushi bar at that moment and went on to have a very underwhelming meal. Here's why:-While the large portion cucumber salads we ordered were extremely tasty, the cucumbers were cut lengthwise in such a way that it was to eat. I cucumbers diced in smaller pieces so they are to eat!-Service - our waiter wasn't the friendliest... I felt kind of rushed by him when we were there. Additionally, since we were seated in the middle of the sushi bar, all of the wait staff would reach over us to pick up the sushi for their tables, which was very while we were eating! Perhaps they could've moved the sushi for pick-up to the side of the sushi bar to avoid guests in the future?-The sushi itself was good; not amazing. We had a Sunset roll, a Lotus roll, a Large roll, and an order of Ikura. I didn't realize the Lotus roll was going to have a ton of mayo along with the baked Lobster that came on of it... it was a bit on the creamy side for my liking.-To things off, when the bill came, they overcharged us... a simple mistake, but given our experience, it was just one more thing... and then when I pointed it out, I barely got an apology at all.With so many other restaurants to choose from in the Tempe Marketplace, I am not sure I'll return to Kabuki. If I do, however, I will wait for a regular table! [SEP]
4	new entertainment facility that just opened. They just started serving food last night and I had a Panini sandwich ... value for the price....and a rock band going last night.....Can't wait for the theater to open and the bar to begin serving in the next couple of weeks..... [SEP]
4	Yummy yum ! I ordered the little cheeseburger and cajun fries....It was really done...I luved it and will go back soon...someday when the craving for burgers and fries strikes again !! [SEP]
4	We arrived at the store several months ago to create a wedding registry, which was an okay experience. A registry expert sat us down and went over the basics, and then wanted to walk us through everything we may need on our list. We weren't interested because we're already home owners and just needed some extras and a few other items. Luckily, after awhile she got the hint and left us alone. Anywho. Gifts began to arrive and were shipped directly to us, big plus. Then came the true test.....returns. as pie! No problems! I even wanted to exchange some items for a Kitchen Aide mixer (which every domestic woman needs!), and forgot my 20% off coupon. Oops. Luckily, the cashier found one and let me use it - which saved me $80 bucks. Everyone I encountered was helpful, the only is that it's a little unorganized and seems with merchandise. Anytime I am in need of a kitchen items, I'll grab my 20% off coupon and return! [SEP]
5	this store! [SEP]
5	I'm not a big organic kind of guy. I could care less about hormone this and BPA that. For me it all about flavor and service - it has to be than I can make it myself and you have to take care of us than I can.Having said that, I'm HEAD OVER HEELS in with the food at Tryst! Service is family oriented too. They treat you a regular on your first trip in the door and burgers are to for.As a burger man, this is my default stop. It is close to the house, in a shopping center, and has the burger I've ever eaten in Phoenix. I'd give it an extra half star if Yelp would let me. This place is that good! [SEP]
4	I've now been to the WCG twice. The first time I went, I only had a salad. Only salad has new meaning here as they have some salads. In fact, several people at the table said they had never had a salad so wonderful. I also heard that the seared Ahi was to for. Salads were just filler as prelude to however. Everyone at the table ordered something different and they were all passed around. I can highly the cheesecake and the banana pudding. Both were outstanding.On my second visit I tried the Parmesan crusted filet. It was to for and I ate way more of it than intended. I also the potatoes and shared someone else's honey roasted carrots. Tablemates had ribs and the steak sandwich and both had rave reviews.Overall the service was wonderful, the atmosphere is relaxing and even when the place is busy. The food is (I have not heard a thing about any dish) and the dessert is the trip. They even list it first on the menu; a sure sign of something great! [SEP]
5	After eating chocolate covered bacon for (yeah, that's really one of the options for desert), I say that I was completely stratified with Beckett's Table. From the moment I called to make a reservation I knew that this restaurant was going to have staff and service. The staff greeted us at the entrance and give us options for seating. I was VERY with the pricing on the menu especially the wine bottle prices! It's just a matter of time, and I will be back for an evening meal! Speaking from living in the Arcadia area, this is just the restaurant we need in the area--a community restaurant with food! If you are looking for a dining experience, this is the place for you! [SEP]
4	Finally another downtown lunch option. I'm viewing this as the in-between place, in-between Butcher's heavy on the lawyer, heavy on the political scene diners, and in-between Celtic-Hooters, I mean, Tilted Kilt upstairs. The food menu is interesting, a lot of appetizers. Not salads for my taste. Compared to and likely Tilted Kilt, the menu has less salads and less foods, but it'll be to find something to eat. It veers towards the food side, with options chili with cornbread souffle, and flatbreads served with burrata fondue. There are a few flat bread options on the menu which is their version of pizza. The day I went, the lunch room was busy. (You enter in through the a lobby shared with Stand Up Live). Didn't get a chance to try out their beer selection, will have to try that out the next time I'm here for a show. The management and service is very friendly. (Not in a way, just in a I really want to your experience way). This is in contrast to the service at across the way which I've found to be downright at times. Keeping my fingers crossed that they continue to do well. [SEP]
4	Went to the market for the first time today and I myself. I seeing the herbs and plants I could grow for my own veggies (some of them were pre-tortured under the AZ sun... that line) and all the concoctions that people make.The creativity... it's awesome. I going to those craft fairs and seeing stuff, but I seeing soaps and art and other various items that people will put together on their own.It was that they had evap coolers blowing down the aisles and lots of shade. It was very comfortable, lots of tasters and the music is great.I told friends that I would be going here today, and they all said, Oh I wanna go!! I'm so jealous!!Now I see why. :) [SEP]
5	The whole market is awesome.I that if you did not bring cash with you that you can pick up a blue ticket at the information booth that the vender will stamp then hold your items for you then you may pay by credit card at the information table where you picked up your ticket.The veg are great.the range eggs are the best.the french baker from Tucson is darn good.this market is for sure one of the ones I have seen.worth any one checking out.Note your local produce and growers/farmers.Support Organic!! One more note this information and option has to do with the farmers market out side open on the weekend from 7am to 11am [SEP]
5	The chicken I have ever hadpork cutlet is not to be eitherthe collard greens flavor is and purely vegetarian broth if you can belive that - absolutely no sournessI regular have to make pilgrimages for my pregnant wife here.Negative - cash only [SEP]
4	As a visitor to Scottsdale, I thought a stroll through the farmers market was a way to get a taste of the local flavor--literally. And it was! There's a mix of vendors, who sell everything from baked goods to coffee, from vegan wraps to preserves. There are also some services pet massages!Like Vicky T. said, it was surprising to see dogs with their owners wandering through the farmers market, because that's against code in California. But I thought it was great, and with the pet masseuse and a doggy and kitty treat vendor, it totally made sense.Farm Sessions, where local chefs give cooking demos with produce from the market, is a idea I'd to see at my local farmers market. It did seem odd, though, that all the produce at the market was in one corner. It was the shadiest spot, so maybe that's why?Anyway, this was a way to spend a Saturday morning and was very relaxing compared to my local farmers markets, where I often feel I need to start throwing some elbows to get through the crowd. [SEP]
4	I really That's A Wrap... all of the food I've ordered here has been really enjoyable, plus it's all a really value for the money. My wrap here is the Prince of Thai, pollo con tofu. The Veggie Bowl is also another option and I'm they can make anything vegetarian. a stop for lunch, however, the parking lot is tight and I have been here more than once when it was full. [SEP]
3	Decaf coffee was the thing going here. Big cup, and tasty. White flannel hash was a miss. For me the flavors were off. Too much salt and way too much garlic, for my taste. Service was but a bit for how empty it was. If you garlic and a heavy hand with salt, this might be your place. [SEP]
1	The food is simple, and uncomplicated; you taste (and hopefully enjoy) each ingredient. However, as with most minimally processed cooked foods, it does not travel well. So, eat in. Luckily the decor is and compliments the menu which makes eating in a pleasure. My only down note is on the service. If you are not careful when you enter the restaurant, you may enter through the door of invisibility and will become to the employees. As a result, you may stand at the counter while they around you but do not recognize your presence until the invisibility (or whatever makes you invisible) wears off. Based upon my late lunch experience today, the takes 4 iPhone e-mail responses or texts to be removed (10ish minutes). Regrettably, I only had three unanswered e-mails in my inbox and had to leave before I could be seen by the employees. On a note, when you leave (regardless of the time you waited), the invisibility seems to be removed. I know this as no one honked or screamed at my car as it drove away without a driver. [SEP]
3	I was not impressed. For a business traveler, there are choices nearby. When I drove up, the valet told me there was no self park, but I could see it less than 100 yards away from my room. I used it during my stay, and it was and much less expensive. The entry of the hotel was constantly blocked by party goers, and I couldn't find any alternate entrance/exit. My bill was at checkout. They adjusted it, but then placed an additional unauthorized charge of $13.94 on my credit card. Seriously wishing I opted for Embassy Suites across the road... [SEP]
1	For yogurt quality, I give this place a one. Honestly, it's small, there's very little in terms of toppings, and the yogurt tastes cheap... Probably because it's a big franchise. There is a reason why you're paying less for an ounce... Truly - you get what you pay for. The concept is neat, sure, but if you're looking for pizzazz then you should try Yogurtini... It's just up the road from Yogurtland. Anyway, the single star says it all... Eek! Methinks not. [SEP]
5	Ii am addicted. service and consistent, quality. food every time. i have been ordering take out and dine in for months and grimaldis does not disappoint. only once...they gave my takeout pizza to the person....christine, the manager, very apologized, comped my new pizza, and bought me a glass of wine as i waited. grimaldis is a class act and has a staff with food. every time. [SEP]
4	My girlfriend and I were hungry and wanted to try something new, so we hopped on the netbook and fired up Yelp. We tried Jim's, and boy was this a pick. When we 1st rolled up to CJ's my girl was I don't know about this!!! I said lets just go in and take a look, if it is inside then lets try it. Once inside the place was small but and most it was CLEAN. So I ordered a veggie pita and got the pasta salad as a side. The food was and I had envisioned something a sandwich that you pickup and eat but it was all laid out over my plate. The pita was very and I give a big thumbs up to, the pasta salad was kinda plain. My girl has a greek salad and she it but wasn't too about the dressing. I would definitely go back to Jim's and eat. As a matter of fact anytime I am craving that veggie pita, your boy E will come to visit. ps. Our server was also, friendly, and helpful. [SEP]
1	(or rather condescending) service from the Service Manager...and he didn't even acknowledge me when I asked the status of my car (uh, more IGNORE). Ended every sentence with an No ma'am or Yes, ma'am... ya get the scenario. Basically, the guy was a real JERK.They couldn't even figure out HOW to fix my car, even when I TOLD them what was with it ( had been diagnosed at the Dealership). Two guys were sitting there staring at the computer (as if it was going to magically speak to them). At least they didn't charge me, but what a of time waiting for 90 minutes.... [SEP]
4	The Hyatt Place Scottsdale is a hidden jewel in old town, just off the main this place is for a weekend getaway. They offer breakfast which is standard but and even have real plates and utensils vs. plastic products. They also have WIFI and the rooms are HUGE! It is a place to take the family since the kids can stay in the first part of the room on the sofa sleeper while you can on the bed closer to the TV.The only reason I give 4 stars vs. a 5 is because the pool is really small and not that great. If they the pool a bit they would be golden. [SEP]
2	The service was slow, the server knew nothing of the wines on the menu and knew nothing of wine service. Boo. [SEP]
4	I'm not a fan of Thai food or buffets but this place is great. Food is and it very decently priced! It's not busy, so the food isn't always out of the kitchen tasting, but I really the Pink Pepper! [SEP]
4	place for pizza. The only place in the West Valley to get Margherita pizza. Not the but to satisfy. [SEP]
4	Blurb for iPhone App: Enchiladas, Chips and Salsa made fresh, but beans left something to be desired. Give it a try nonetheless.I just wrote the last part because I will be on the Yelp app, and notice that I often start my review with something that is not at all... which is that everyone sees when searching on their mobile phones. So I guess you could say I'm optimizing for mobile. Ok, now on the full review. Took off a star for the beans... they just weren't great. The person with me had a taco salad, and said they didn't get a lot of meat in it... and the rice was good, but not great. However, this was by the chips and salsa (which I always eat so much of that I'm not hungry by the time the food shows up) which seemed to be made fresh, not too hot, but with plenty of flavor. The sauce (hot is entirely objective here) was very good, and I used that for my chips as much as the salsa. Didn't ask if they had anything hotter, as the true chilehead will think it's mild...I had a chicken enchelada with green sauce and a cheese with red.. and although I usually the green better, the red here is great. One word of advice however - don't step on the scale the next morning, because you are going to stuff yourself while you are here. [SEP]
5	Obligatory stop for a drink...Dodey is here so that is always [SEP]
3	What vegetarian goes to a place Logan's Roadhouse? The kind that will sacrifice herself for the sake of her people because she drove all the way from San Diego to AZ at midnight and had no kind of sleep, but still managed to get there and say, Hey, I'm taking all you fools out to dinner, my treat, where do you want to go???And, they picked this place. Oh is me. If you've been to Texas Roadhouse, then you've been to Logan's Roadhouse. I'm sure it's the same place. Peanut shells on the floor, MEAT and potatoes galore, and people everywhere--Which is fine, because my people are very loud. The potatoes was a hit, I was pissed that they were out of onion petals, and our waitress seemed really confused. But, she was nice, so I can't really talk too much crap. As long as everyone in my party had a time, I'm happy. [SEP]
4	Sandwiches are very above average in taste, but they are on the side. [SEP]
4	beer, really food and no wait.Ok yes it was noon on a Sat but that can be to findany day of the week, at any time. [SEP]
4	you sir, may I have another. Although I didn't have to to Oliver Twist-like methods to myself gastricly with this greasy, plentiful, food, and it was quite on the wallet, I feel I shouldn't have come here. This is a whenever I travel to sections of the country that have them. big portions piled on plates that I'm sure were clean, the staff hollering out orders to the assembly line that never seemed to cease. Awake and alert, this place is good. Hungover or Drunk, this place is Frickin' Candyland. Bottomless coffee, Waffles as big as your head, overworked waitresses running from table to table.. ahhh the American dream. [SEP]
5	was i ever to pick dr. karawi from a random list of doctors near my home from my insurance website.ever since i was a kid, i barely remember seeing my dentist. his hygienist came in, cleaned my teeth, then the dentist came in with his long nose hairs and big belly and bald head and stinky breath and started shoving metal objects into my teeth. then he left, saying only hmmph. he had a beach house in the cayman islands.dr karawi is exactly opposite of that (don't know if he has a house in the caymans though). what really, really, really surprised me was the karawi cleaned my teeth....the Dentist! he does that for all his patients. i asked him why, and he just said he to get to know his patients. how novel!he is extremely and likeable but always professional. he will and talk to you about your vacations, plans for the weekend, etc, but then always keeps it serious when discussing your dental care. i his services and friendliness. we him so much, even invited him to our house warming party!so for dental care and outgoing service, Dr. Karawi is your man.p.s. he's not bald, doesn't have long nose hairs or a big belly, and his breath doesn't stink. [SEP]
5	We have been meaning to try The Mission for awhile, and we were extremely impressed. We are self-professed foodies, cooks, etc.Let's start with the fact that they seated us at our reservation time, and that reservation had only been made that day.....surprising, because the place was packed!! Alfonso was our waiter, and he was and didn't hesitate to make suggestions that we were to add to our dinner. First, the margaritas. ....this place knows how to pour, and they are - the only way we will drink them. Next - there are only 3 places in Phoenix that can make table-side guacamole, and this is the of them. Alfonso suggested a pork belly/cola reduction appetizer that I had to be talked into. OMG....heaven, and such a blend of flavors that the sweet, crunchiness of the pork belly can only be described as it if you are balking at the of pork belly.Entree: we chose the Chorizo Porchetta and the Scallops. Both were and may I say that the timing of each course was prompt. We never waited and yet didn't feel rushed.Dessert: I that I read the dessert menu first before making dinner decisions, and while other reviews the selections ...I wasn't blown away. The churros were small and dough-y, and the milkshake was just to heavy/sweet after a meal.....better to fill the churros with a cheese and serve them on dulce de leche ice cream. bananas didn't me either. Bananas are bananas..... The pumpkin bread pudding seemed heavy and Autumn-like for a 110 degree day in Arizona and did not the Latin flavors of the dinner. I feel their dessert menu needs to be expanded in a way that compliments their cuisine....some citrus sorbet, chocolate-with-red-chile cake, lime cheesecake. At any rate, I still give them the full Monty on stars!!! [SEP]
5	My husband took me here on a Friday night ...after hearing things about it from coworkers.We sat on the patio which had plenty of misters and overlooked a park, it was a very relaxing environment.Our server, Carla, was as as could be and was so the entire evening. She was one of the most servers that I have had in a long time. She was so and really added to the experience that we had here...thank you Carla !!!We ordered a bottle of red wine that the husband picked, I am not sure what it was but it was ($23 for the bottle). As an appetizer we had the Piatto Misto, which was an assortment of Italian meats, cheeses, olives , and breadsticks ($14) and this is definetly for 2-3 people. The meats were and the cheese was tasty also. My only would be for them to not cut the cheese into tiny little cubes...that was because the meat was sliced and you could not incorporate it very well.For dinner we shared a pizza.. The Sofia..it had Scamorza (Smoked Mozzarella),Parma Prosciutto,Parmigiano Reggiano ($13). It was ooh soo tasty. We could not eat the whole thing...there was 3 pieces that we ended up having boxed up.Then we had dessert.....I am still in just thinking about this dessert. It was the Dolce Della Casa...Slightly Charred Calzonefilled with Chocolate Hazelnut Sauce and Banana topped with Vanilla Ice Cream...OOOOOhhh my God. This was by far the dessert that I have had in a while. It was so gratifying...I had goosebumps after the first bite. I would ordering a small and sharing it because it was huge ($7). I can a woman after that dessert...and if this was a first date ...that would have been a for sex !!! The community here in Verrado was absolutely amazing, I wish I would have known about this neighborhood before I bought my house in Goodyear. If you live nearby I would checking this place out and spending time looking around the neighborhood. [SEP]
5	surprise-- I have driven by this place several times-- food was excellent-- I had the Enchantment platter-- just the amount of heat without being overwhelming-Cool cave-like atmosphere inside and patio area-- I will definitely be back and bring out of towners [SEP]
4	My daughter treated me to a facial here for my birthday. It was and included a massage of my feet and hands. The student was very professional. It normally costs $33 for the signature facial, but was only $25 for my trip since they were running a back to school special for the month of August. [SEP]
5	I Stinkweeds. Owned by local commerce booster Kimber Lanning, Stinkweeds provides selection and pricing than many national vendors. The staff are helpful, and if they don't have what you're looking for, they'll special order it for you. The parking lot is smallish, but I've never had a finding a space. The central location is a big plus. They share the plaza with other locally-owned businesses, so it makes for a shopping excursion. Their listening stations are well-stocked with a of music, and the staff to talk music, as well. They also carry a selection of music mags, as as some books. [SEP]
2	I don't usually review based on one visit. But when the experience and food is as as this, I'll make an exception...This place gets two stars for the multiple big screen TVs. If you're here to watch sports and have a beer or three, you'll be happy. However, I came here for a bite to eat, and that's when there where I ran into problems.The bartenders are a lot. Their mood when I sat down set the tone for my whole experience here. They're not all bad. One of the male bartenders actually smiled occasionally and chatted with some of the customers.The food. How can you screw up cole slaw? What more can I say? Beyond that, if you're in the area to watch a game, this isn't a choice. Just swing by McDonald's or somewhere else for dinner. [SEP]
2	= hour is a deal but it's always PACKED. The open atmosphere is in the spring/fall but there's not much seating so you'll likely end up waiting.Bad = Parking. There's never and it's a tight parking lot. Prices. It's expensive. If I want to sit outside with friends and a bottle of wine and nibble on some cheeses, I might as do it at my house for 1/4 of the price. Then I can drink as much as I want without the overcrowding and $$$$. [SEP]
5	Have you ever walked into a bar or restaurant and felt at home? That's how I felt when I walked into the last night. The place has a vibe, food and cocktails, and a staff. Some of the highlights of what we ate last night... The burgers are phenomenal, the cable car drink was and tasty, how could you not donuts, and the bacon... oh the bacon... I highly swinging in for lunch or dinner so it become one of your favorites as it is now one of mine. [SEP]
5	stopped here on our way home on a road trip. if i had known, i would've stopped on the way out, too. the bear name drew me in (and the assumption that a diner would have chocolate malts). the food was fantastic. boyfriend ordered bob's big bear burger and it was probably the biggest hamburger i've seen in person. apparently it was (how he ate the whole thing, i will never know). i ordered some sort of burger basket combo, featuring a much smaller cheeseburger (which was delicious), hearty portion of fries (which were ok), and the chocolate malt was only $2.99 (instead of $4.50-ish) with the combo. And it was one of the chocolate malts I've ever had. And the prices were reasonable. And I actually the kitschy bear theme. Can't wait for another trip that takes me through Phoenix (and I never thought I would say that). [SEP]
4	This was my first trip to Culver's and it came highly recommended. At my friends suggestion, I tried the butter burger deluxe, cheese curd and the.....I forgot what it was called, but the custard - basically the equivalent of a DQ Blizzard.The burger patties were paper thin (thus the reason I ordered the double), the lettuce was crisp, tomatoes fresh, bun and buttery. I thoroughly my burger. Very flavorful!I had never had cheese curd and had no idea what to expect. The closest thing I can think to compare these to would be mozzarella sticks. They are about the size of a grape, and full of salty goodness.The custard was delicious! I had the vanilla with butterscotch and oreos (I ordered butterscotch and brownie pieces, but there was a mixup, but I had no complaints).I really everything I had. The menu is big and I can't wait to go next time so I can try something new. The thing I didn't was the bible verses all over the walls.Seriously?? It's not that I am anti-religion or anything. I am Catholic, went to Brophy and go to church twice a year. I don't need it thrown in my face while trying to eat with my friends. take a tip from In and Out. Put them on the under side of your cups. on your subtlety Culver's. [SEP]
5	We ordered seabass and ribs. Both choices. Service very good. Ambiance was unexpected. Felt we were in hawaii with an open feel with palm trees. Used restaurant.com coupon. deal. [SEP]
4	I'm so torn on RA. (I know. I'm a person, getting up and going to everyday and functioning with such a heavy load on my shoulders.)Really though...I feel I should have outgrown RA by now, but I haven't. I initially went to the Tempe location back in the day when I was 18 and sushi (forgive me, I was young and stupid. Mostly stupid) and ate noodles every time I was forced to go there by my ex or my friends. Now I am well-versed on the sushi world and eat it every chance I get.No, RA is not the sushi restaurant in town. No, it is not the most authentic. But it always draws me back in. The hour, the drinks (Umami Punch, you are my liquid soulmate), the special rolls...I can't help myself. (I wish I knew how to quit you...)I WANT to RA, mostly due to the it tends to attract, at ANY of the locations (we live in 'Tukee now, so obviously we frequent this location a lot), but I still can't. We went a few weeks ago for hour with some friends, and it was busy (of course). No biggie, we sat at the bar and had a drink or two while waiting for our table. They told us 15-30 minutes and we realized it had been longer than that...went up to check on our spot and lo and behold, our buzzy-thingy was not working and they had skipped us on the list and because of this, have the hour cutoff. NOOO! I needed me some dranks and sushi! We sat down, the waitress talked to the manager about what happened, and the manager came over and talked to us, apologized, and let us know any food we ordered (sadly not alcohol as well, but I understand why not) would still be hour pricing. cool, as some places would have had a oh attitude about it.Overall, RA is crack, and once you've had it, you'll develop a habit you just can't kick. Pass the shell crab roll, please... [SEP]
5	Pita Jungle is a place to get Mediterranean food (as long as you don't mind a bit of a wait).The food usually gets served up really fast, but then your waiter leaves and -never comes back-. I'm not ususally a stickler for wait service, but I do to get my glass refilled and be given my check in a manner.Never-the-less, the food is so it makes up for any other flaws. [SEP]
5	Been there twice now. servers and the owner is a sweetheart. I ate the Pechuga Asada and a pupusa Locoye(sp?) this time. The chicken was made right, beans and rice, avocado, big portions and the salsa and chips are excellent. I live two blocks from here and I need to wake the eff up and go here more. [SEP]
4	Kristi's review said, spot to bring a date. Secures that you will be getting action later, me. Well, that's for me. And before the Yelp paparazzi shows up to muckrack... no I didn't take Kristi to Cheuvront's. I know than that - I only with Kristi at dive bars. So I did take my date to Cheuvronts. The decor and ambiance - think wide open and urban and without being too dark. It really set a mood. We ordered a bottle of wine from a list, along with a cheese plate and a pate plate. We had them select the cheeses to pair with the wine we had chosen with a few instructions as to cheese preferences. They have a selection of pates as well, and we had them choose similarly.The cheese plate contained three cheeses, all superb. It was served with (good!) bread, some nuts, and some dried cranberries. The two pate plate was similarly served with bread and dark, mustard. The pates were - the cheese plate and pate plate seemed destined to be served together. The food and drink were great, the service a little especially since there weren't that many people in there. I'm guessing the waitress just didn't want use to feel she was us. After taking our time to the wine, cheese, and pate, we were both feeling full with no room for even dessert. Overall, a meal, my date thought it was one of the places she had ever been to, and I'm going to have to pay more attention to Kristi's reviews. [SEP]
3	A timeless a place with more shows than I can / care to remember.Seen a lot of up and coming people here as as some regular nights as well.Always an collection of different music styles mixed in with a ton of of all sorta both local and elsewhere.Cheap drinks and plenty of pool tables.Old school video games and of course dartsPizza and bar food that is actually decent! [SEP]
5	neighborhood bookstore. it's local and not owned by the man. jimmy carter will be there signing books in febuary. They have new and used book and something is always on sale. It's attached to flower and next to macs. [SEP]
5	I eat there about 3 times a week!! The antipasto salad and bread are and can't be beat! [SEP]
5	I've been coming here for years...the best. One of my favs is the lulu wings. [SEP]
3	I want very to this bar. I really do. It has all the combinations of qualities I look for in a local locale. beer. I have no about ordering the French Canadian Hefeweizen (that I can't even pronounce, spell or at this moment recall) with one glass all to myself and lick my lips at many other brews on the menu. Add a wine list beyond belief and liquor if its your too.The proximity to my own compound and the blossoming bud that is the central Phoenix is always a star; why commute when staying local is a option?The staff and owners of the Sidebar are fantastic. From my induction many months ago they sling the drinks with and the effort in the setup and delivery of the place doesn't go unnoticed. The decor is where things start to slide. Not because the place is hovel, far from it. Everything is and new. From the hydraulic bar stools, to the multicolored ambient lighting to the lounge couches, to the bathrooms; this place is a slice of upper crust for those of us who don't normally even thing to nibble from such a pie. Herein the or as my former boozing partner visiting from his new digs in Portland put it, I'd to see this place with about 10 years of on it. Not my style, but I dig it and Phoenix sure as needs a place it.In the end I will go back and don't mind in the slightest having a place Sidebar to show off to East Valley dwellers and Scottsdale brats, but every time I reach for the front door I pause and am sad.A mere few feet away the corpse of the Emerald Lounge. A dark, seedy, dirty, filled haven of locals, live music, art and personality that is now nothing but a painted over ghost. So please, your local bar, bring your friends and keep the sidebar real. But remember to pause for a moment of silence and drink one to the ghost below your feet; us locals will you. [SEP]
2	VERY SERVICE + BELOW AVERAGE SUSHI = 2 STARS.The 2 stars is because the quality of food is below average and not that great. The Salmon looks its been on the plates forever and has a real slimy look. I've had way sushi in some all you can eat places!! Basically the only thing is the with the conveyor belt. I would advise the reader to save his/her money for a sushi place Kabuki.The next thing about this place is the service. They never bring you the drinks or seat you in a manner. God knows what the waitresses do over there...they run around as if its their first day at and never get anything done tables, get checks etc. I've been here a couple of times and I saw that the 2nd time, the patrons were not even waiting for the waitresses...they formed a line at the cashier Denny's. [SEP]
3	I feel Top's has been getting angrier and more over time. I called on Fourth of July just to see if they were open and they guy on the other line told me, Yeah and we're a madhouse. Each minute I spend on the phone with you is another body out the door, and up on me.I wanted to call back and tell him, You know, the amount of time that it took you to say that, you probably two bodies out there door. You could have just said, 'Yes we are!' and that would have sufficed. Instead, you had to be so I'm calling you back specifically to your time.Instead, I'm just going to Yelp about it.On multiple occasions coming back over the past few months, I feel I'm tip-toeing through the house when someone's at me. I don't get it. There's a serious vibe of going on. Specifically, the guy who acted a fuckface over the phone has been and a few times to me. Oh, and refrigerate your beer. I'm of having to pop my in the freezer for 45 minutes cause the beer or champagne I buy is piss warm. [SEP]
5	This place had food for prices. They have tiny card games at the tables which was too, it keeps you busy while you wait for your food. The bar was neat, and the atmosphere was ok. I did not the music, and it was too to ignore. The service was good, but the waitress made my friends and I uncomfortable, we shouldn't have been there. It might have just been that one particular girl, and I would still go back. Don't dress too casual... [SEP]
4	OK, I'm somewhat between 3 stars and 4 stars on this. I really want to this restaurant a lot so maybe I will have to return again and try another dish.Positives:Price!!!! Wow, the prices are amazing. I got the hand pulled spicy noodle dish ($4.00), my boyfriend got the hand pulled pork noodles ($5.95) and we shared the pork dumplings ($4.95).The dishes provided rather portions (we ended up taking half of our meals to go). The dumplings were quite tasty (approx 8 large dumplings)I got the fruit smoothie with boba which was quite (I bubble tea so much and this place is legit).The restaurant was really and the window to watch the noodles being made was really and ingenious!Negatives:My noodle dish just really didn't have a whole lot of flavor and was not even remotely spicy for being titled 'spicy noodles.' All of the food was really rather greasy. The sauce for the noodles was much oil and the dumplings/sauce were oily too (but still tasty). I was just hoping for a bit of a feeling meal instead of heavy food. Maybe if I try one of the soup dishes next time I will have luck! The experience was overall a one and I would to try this place again, I was just a bit with the grease content of the foods which gave me a bit of stomach ache. Regardless, this place is a shot! [SEP]
5	I had a craving for Mexican- American type food, and since there is no longer a Chi-chi's around my friend suggested we go here since I was visiting the area from out of town. She is a frequent diner here, and it. I really my experience as well. I a Chimichanga along with re-fried beans and ordered a much needed strawberry Margareta. So lovely!!!! I everything on my plate! I it so much I suggested we come back my last night in town for drinks and appetizers.We decided to order the Mini Chimi Sampler, Macayo's Cheese that I ordered with ground beef (it almost looked a cheese pizza),Guacamole Dip with chips. They also offer salsa and chips every time you arrive.Like my friend- I would be a regular here. I know when I visit my friend that she and I will go back- at my suggestion and to her delight! [SEP]
3	I've been eating here for years off and on. I used to live close by and went often. The quality of the food started to go down and we stopped going. Then they changed owners and it's ok to eat there again. Flamingo Palace is just what you'd expect from a strip mall Chinese restaurant. The food is so-so and the service is good. We really the and soup and the Flamingo chicken. I can say that through the many, many times that I've been to Flamingo I've never had an experience that made me NOT want to come back. [SEP]
2	Lets satrt with the good, The brisket was a 7 on a 10 point scale.I didnt much else about a place even though I have been wanting to try for some time. It was and rainy today and I really wanted some food just as I was passing BE BBQ. So I stopped in and sat at the bar. From the moment I walked in and sat down The trained bartender with every step. It was also very obvious that the trained staff was with him to no end. The Bartender knocked a plate of food out of one servers hand a the entrence to the kitchen, he couldnt settle a check with special instruction twice, and his amaturish drink pouring skills shined on this and day.OK Yelpers I admit Im a 20 years restaurant veteran and maybe thats why I was so stressed out watching the goings on but he things I was seeing was a train wreck! but I just couldnt help but watch.On to the food, I had extreemly high expectaions about the food and I even expected the prices to be on the Scottsdale side of high. What I wasnt expecting was the tiny BBQ Brisket sandwich, and I mean 3 bites tiny.The BBQ Sauce was so heavy with chili powder and with almost no vinager it was gritty. The fries served with the sadwich were also covered with tons of chili powder. The meat itself was and flavorfull and smoked, but I was surprised that it was a cold, that was a turn off, but not as much as the small portion.Well at least Big Earls is off my bucket list of must try restaurants, and as far as BBQ options in Scottsdale that list is certainly shorter too. [SEP]
4	I usually chains, especially Italian ones Olive Garden and Romanos. But I was surprised my Maggianos. We went because we got a gift card for Christmas but we are probably going back. The bread and the dipping oil they start you out with is good. I wish the dipping oil was just a little more though. My husband ordered the linguine and clams which he said was just ok. My stepson had the crab and shrimp cannelloni which he enjoyed. I really my eggplant Parmesan. It is the egg parm I have had at a chain. The sauce is tasting which huge chunks of garlic.One surprise is that our server said that my dish for a take home dish of the same category. So I ordered the gnocchi and had a dinner the next day. [SEP]
2	just strange. I park here when I travel out of town. I used the valet parking once last year and don't remember any issues. Today was my second time... I dropped my car off last week. The airport shuttle was waiting for me at baggage claim when my flight landed at midnight. I went to pick up my car after a long flight as was told it's at the front, the valet guy pointed and disappeared. I was left standing alone wondering if there was another side of the hotel where my car was?? I walked into the lobby and the receptionist was quick to tell me there is a balance on my account. Huh?? Number one I don't have an account at the hotel and number two I didn't stay here overnight. Again I'm standing there thinking what is going on, is he getting my mixed up with someone else? Finally he explained the parking wasn't prepaid and I needed to pay in a order to get my car. He gave me a bit of an attitude as if I was to pay. Dude, it's 12:30am, I just got off a long flight & didn't realize my fiancé didn't prepay online when he set the whole thing up for me online. All this could have been spared if the valet guy would have just said you pay at the desk instead of its at the front which is and indirect. I think next time I go out of town ill try a different parking garage. [SEP]
5	place to grab a coffee with prices and a atmosphere for sitting down to do some or catch up with a friend. Would definitely recommend! [SEP]
3	park. But people need to keep an eye on dogs. My 4 month old puppy was beat up by another dog this morning. 7-7-2012 We were the first ones out there this morning, around 5:15am We were just out there walking around, This lady and her grey/ and white dog. Was walking around. Then the dog came up to us for no reason, and jumped on my puppy just started beating him up. The owner didn't even do nothing.. The dog was almost my puppy. I yelled at the dog tried to stop him. Then he attacted me. Bit me very on left hand. The owner asked me where I was going I said west valley hospital. I was very scared. She said she would meet us @ the Hosiptal. I never saw her show up.. Those kind of or dogs shouldn't be allowed out there. Yea go at your own risk. But people should not let or dogs out there. The owner didn't even say or give me her name, nothing. on her. And her dog. I hope she teaches that mean old dog some manners... Brenda Hansen... The Hosiptal visit was long. But west valley took special care of me.. you Hosiptal [SEP]
5	Recently ordered Spinato's again and just had to update to 5 stars... as much as I've always NYPD, I have to admit that this really is the pizza I've had in the valley. It's not to compare the two, as they're totally different styles, but it's just so good. And they're local. Can't beat it! [SEP]
5	We held a meeting planner's luncheon inviting local clients to our hotel that host regular meetings. Our theme was getting to the core of your meeting and the entire event had an apple theme. Yuri's Popcorn created a special flavor green apple for our event and it was a to our other offerings. Our attendees absolutely it and were about all the and offerings, including centerpieces with an arrangement of candies and popcorn arranged into a bouquet of yumminess.Several months ago, we hosted a lemonade stand for a client serving glasses of flavored lemonade. Yuri's created another flavor....lemon....that was received by all.They offer the gifts for clients and everything is very when you're on a tight budget.Thank you! [SEP]
4	It was a day with bbq! With the Yelp discount, admission was ($6) compared to the original $12 price, and there were a number of bbq stands to try. Samples consisted mainly of pulled pork with bbq sauce, although a few stands did sell items such as links, rib tip, and brisket samples. I would have to see more stands that sold plates of food rather than samples, for those with a bigger appetite. Towards the back there were also some stands that had food and home items for sale (e.g., Cutco knives, clothing, salsa, etc.). It would also have been to see more items for sale that were bbq related (aprons, grills, tongs, etc.). All in all, I'm I went! [SEP]
4	Hey, its to find anything particularly with this stadium, which is especially coming from an sports fan who intends to before he loves. Immediate impressions of the stadium are that it is very well-designed and constructed with fan in mind. Chase nails this aspect solidly. The concourse are with eating and drinking options. You literally cannot walk 10 steps without tasty, stadium food your ass to indulge; polish dogs, ice cream, 24 oz. bottled beer; Peter Piper Pizza (Mmmmmm!). The concourse also opens up into the field of play, and one can go take a from the seats but still have the ability to watch the action on the field. Very feature, particularly with baseball where sitting down can become monotonous. The actual field of play is constructed, with and designs colliding. The path from the mound to the plate is a throwback to the 30s, while the pool in the outfield adds a very unique and Arizona touch. cool. The clockface in centerfield is beautiful, and the grade of the stands are for the to reflect off the metal structure. Now that its under new management, they are opening the roof much more, which is a HUGE plus. Many have been about the of open air since the stadium opened.So two things that I don't about the stadium, one ornamental, the other functional. First, the hokey, 90s-esque mosaic on the outfield slats. Jesus. How about an update? Its just looks so bad, its almost embarrassing, and has prevented the outside of this architectural from aging with grace. How about HUUUGE pictures of current players, or true windows to let the light in and perhaps a view of the distant skyline? This would require, of course, for PHX to actually down the Garage Mahal and actually build an outfield skyline.This me to #2, the aforementioned Garage Mahal, the most deplorable, boner yet for our mentally-ill city planners and officials. What a total to build the most and overly enormous parking garage that ultimately discourages people from walking through downtown before and after the game, the potential for bars and restaurants to be placed there instead (fuck, they didn't even give the option for ground level retail), and mostly sits at 1% capacity on non-baseball-days. That would be 284 days of uselessness. Though this isn't the D-backs fault, it is a result of stadium proximity, so as a penalty, combined with those mosaics, it a star and red pigment.Overall, however, Chase field is the tits and will eventually be a MLB classic. [SEP]
1	I came here at noon during spring break. When I walked in, no one was there. I rang the bell on the counter. No one came out from the back. I waited and rang the bell again. Nobody. I waited and rang the bell a third time. No one. I walked out having been to even find an employee much less place an order and try the food. Pathetic. [SEP]
5	staff and Americanos! [SEP]
5	An section of light bulbs for just about anything you need. Most are in stock, priced and to take home. I have brought in several bulbs that I needed to have replaced with no markings on them - They always come through champs. Take my advice and covert your old bulbs to - the cost for me just to not have to replace burnt out bulbs all the time - some of my lighting is very to get to and Halogens are so hot! [SEP]
3	Glorified Pei Wei [SEP]
2	So when you walk in, walk to the and have the machine scan your card. I'm telling you this because I looked a because I assumed that the Bally worker would scan my card. Oh yeah, you'll urine. Like, did someone just go and piss all over the place? Seriously, how does a get so that? What is that? There are a lot of treadmills and they're recent...not new...they look overused...but yeah. I'm to smell... I couldn't even exercise. [SEP]
4	I order the same thing at every Vietnamese restaurant. Rice Vermicelli Bun with Grilled Pork and Egg Roll, and spring rolls. This order does not change. Ever.They do the pork here more a pork patty, or meatloaf if you will. In Vietnamese cuisine, there are two different ways to do it, the other being grilled slices of pork. I don't know which I as they are very very different.You get a large amount of noodles, very vegetables, and a portion of meat. The sauce is tasty, and everything seems very high quality. Spring rolls are good, as is the peanut sauce they serve them with. The service could be worse, but not much. It's horrendous. Atmosphere is typical of a Vietnamese restaurant, total dive. [SEP]
5	Been twice. Authentic, high quality & price for what you get. Salsa de Chile de Arbol was the best!! the decor. Orchata tasted fresh, which is a rarity in most Mexican Restaurants. [SEP]
4	Lash Extensions by Cher here are _Affordable. _She listens to your every wish for the final product. _Very friendly. _Accommodating evening appointments. _Reasonable amount of time to complete. _She is busy so make appt in advance. I wouldn't go anywhere but here for lash extensions! Cher is the =) aaand no I am absolutely NOT Cher haha just one of her very customers. [SEP]
2	I was very my last experience at Sauce. I ordered a spinach and apple salad with chicken. I think the apples were from a few days ago wtih no taste and the shredded chicken must have been in the freezer and put on the salad.The kids however did their mac and cheese.The salad was terrible! [SEP]
3	You are seeing a continuing trend here. When it first opened it was a 5 star place but since then the pizza has been and going down hill. The last pizza I ordered, the crust was soggy and it had too much yeast. The cheese was also too rubbery and tasteless.I grew up watching 90210 many of us old folks. They had the Pit. Do you remember that place. Jimmy and Joes is the pizza version of the Pit. Yes, me and my 30's felt age when I arrived. And I immediately felt I was in high school again when I went to grab a tiny ketchup cup to grab some wing sauce and they said it was 60 cents. Another person walked in and they gave him a time because he didn't have his coupon on him even though he read the coupon code over the phone. It had that high school vibe..you know the one I'm talking about the...I owe you 3 dollars and I'll pay you back tomorrow. vibe. That vibe is felt when you park there. There is parking as it is and whatever parking they have, there are signs that you to 20 minutes parking almost implying they don't want you to eat there. I was too to take napkins because I'm sure it had some price or attached just everything else there.I've eaten here several times and I've reached this conclusion: eat at the place but don't pick up pizza here. JJ specializes in the one slice and drink. Their short slices are done and if you don't eat it when it comes out of the oven, it it's flavor fast. I've picked up pizza and it's almost two different pizzas. When I picked it up, the cheese was exrtremely rubbery and the crust was so chewy steak. This is a place for a short lunch or a business lunch but I wouldn't order several pies if I was hosting a Superbowl party or had people over. [SEP]
2	Very service. Food is typical for BK. [SEP]
5	I have been looking for a barber and I have just found him. many other of the reviews it is very to find a barber and if your looking for one go here and see Phil. I saw the other reviews on yelp and thought I would try him out. I went and got a haircut wash and an to foam straight shave (hard to find now days) and it all came out wonderful. I thought the prices were in line for the area and maybe for the service. 32.00 for all the services, I think it is 17 for just a haircut. I anyone to go see him if you need a cut or shave. [SEP]
4	place, food, environment . [SEP]
4	This was the first Thai I have had and it did not disappoint.I went to Mint Thai with my in-laws, who the place, so I had high expectations. It's a restaurant, with seating, and a atmosphere. The menu can be a little intimidating. Each dish is numbered, named, and has a description, and there are something 70+ dishes to choose from, plus spiciness options, so it can be kind of especially for a newbie.I picked something in the 60s with chicken and red curry. It was really delicious, with unique flavors and a spiciness. My only was that my food was basically swimming in the sauce. I ended up packing some up to take home, and ended up with a plate still full of sauce.Other than that, this place was delicious. If only it weren't so far away, so I could try more of their options. [SEP]
4	Nothing about it was for me, but everything about it was good! My friends have been about Forefather's for the past year and despite working less than a mile away I hadn't tried it. Being a vegetarian I figured there would be nothing for me to eat. I was wrong, they have a salad menu (that can be modified) and their tomato soup and grilled cheese is fantastic! I wanted to try the potato fries, but couldn't possibly put one more thing in my stomach. The place is nothing fancy, order your food at the counter, and pick it up at the counter, but the service was still great. I'll definitely be back next time I'm in the mood for some food. [SEP]
4	I'm of trekking to the east valley for Lee's Sandwiches.Thao's hit the spot. The marinade for their grilled pork is excellent, very flavorful. I was surprised to see that they are a full service restaurant, offering pho and a of plated meals too. [SEP]
5	After a night of with friends, my friend and I found ourselves craving a bowl of Pho. I've been a regular at Cyclo's for quite sometime but decided to branch out and try something new. I was surprised with Pho Ao Sen! I am always when I enter an Asian restaurant and see Asians patrons...probably sounds a little but to me it speaks volumes. The aesthetics of this cafe made us feel welcomed and relaxed. The decor had a Asian feel: minimalistic organic zen with ambient music playing - for a Sunday afternoon.We ordered the Pho Dac Biet Bo Vien- House PHO'nomenal (House special combination of *sliced eye round steak, well-done brisket, well-done flank, tendon, tripe, and beef meatball) and the Pho Tai (Sliced eye round steak) and Goi Cuon- Spring Rolls. As with most Vietnamese restaurants the portion size of Pho is quite large and we could have shared. Both were delicious, filling, and had a aroma but nothing too overpowering. I've experienced a few places that use a little too much anise, so much that you can't get an overall sense of all the herbs and spices used in this creation. The Spring Rolls had a very flavor and were the accompaniment to the Pho. I give Pho Ao Sen 5 stars! Pho I've had in the valley, atmosphere and staff makes me one girl! :) [SEP]
4	China chinese restaurant and buffet there is no the in the name.But there is some food inside the place.the decor is average and are booth was but worn.The buffet had about 80 items ,about the buffet requirement.They had a small sushi section and the sushi was very tasty.The wonton soup i had was very and it had most of your typical trays with a couple of different on some the stuffed clams were huge and and they had some sole,that thet called snow fish?When i left this place i was stuffed and everything i ate was good.So yes China gets 4 stars.And for Norm R. they got the almond cookie packages [SEP]
4	I Los Favoritos! Mi favorito is the chorizo breakfast burrito (most item there?). Interestingly enough, I think it's bigger if you order it for dinner than for breakfast, but for either it's plenty big! Muy rico with salsa verde. I'm embarrassed to say that I've only had a few of other things on the menu (quesadilla and other burritos), but they've all been delish! For some reason, though, I just get my mouth set on chorizo burrito. It's seductive.The folks there are very and sincere, and they know English enough, although I think some are working on it. Tip: You can order ahead! Especially if you're going during the lunch rush, when it seems every kid from Seton H.S. is there. it's to in and pay and grab your stuff when there's a gaggle of folks still waiting for their order to be called. Tip 2: If you don't order ahead, you can place your order there and then go across the courtyard to Starbucks to grab a coffee (that probably costs more than what you got at Los Fav's) while you wait for your food, if you're so inclined. This is a habit you might not want to get into. Believe me! [SEP]
5	with the east coast stores, flavor selection, and accommodating staff. The regular size doesn't look big but it is plenty for the price, not to mention the staff fills above the the cup on all products. A much value than Stone, Baskin Robbins, and self serve froyo. [SEP]
4	little wine bar. I a flight of whites and one of their specialty salads for lunch. tasty. The food won't any culinary rewards, but it is and the ingredients seem fresh. Minor niggle, they only seem to have high-top seating... when all I want to do is curl up in a booth and drink myself silly, this can be a problem. [SEP]
5	I can't say things about this branch! The manager is fantastic, the other employees are happy, enthusiastic, and efficient. Not to mention that everyone there has manners and they treat their customers as customers deserve to be treated! Go to this branch, you'll understand what I mean! [SEP]
2	So, I say to myself, half price sushi for lunch? Oh yeah! You betcha! well, even at half price, it's for me to get about thus place. There's no real creativity (except for the disco balls during birthday, seriously, uh yes) and it's generic fare. The 2 stars are really for the fact the service was Johnny on the spot for edamame, miso and salad. The main fare though, just plain lacking. You're off heading a mile or 2 down Ray over to Ra. [SEP]
4	Every time I head to Phoenix, I have to head to Chino Bandido. The food is in large portions and very filling! It is how Mexican and Chinese food come together but it seems to as this place was packed. I ordered the vegetarian quesadillas and it was loaded in raw veggies but I would have to remove the cheese and I was not sure if I could because it was so packed in there! Try the food out, you will not be disappointed. [SEP]
4	into this place while vacationing in Scottsdale for Spring Training. I was from one of those hangovers that makes you feel your pulse in your dome. My buddy(who was campaigning for breakfast at Taco Bell..who does that?) was driving a kamikaze pilot and responded to the vehicle full of people pointing towards and grunting uggghhh. While walking up to the door an brown dribble was pointing us towards the entrance. Didn't know what to make of this. Also wasn't sure if it was from my friends who had plodded in ahead of me. Once entering this establishment my not-so-working-correct brain couldn't comprehend the two different counters. Also was the two menus. Being told what was going on by a gal behind the counter didn't help much since English was definitely my second language at this point in time. After just pointing at what I needed I was ushered along to the cash register. I got my number sat with my group and waited.....and waited......and waited. As more time passed I began to ponder what the actual construction and building time for a croissant sandwich was. Also was my wife reminding me of every person that got there food ahead of me. We were asked how are food was a couple of times so I figure they could sense my as to not having it. Then my croissant sandwich was brought to me. It tasted absolutely magnificent. I could have then and been happy. To make up for this the manager brought us THREE boxes of cookies. I didn't catch her name, but if she didn't pass customer relations 101. Tossing me a OJ would've been sufficient, but to give this pack of animals munchies for the weekend went above and beyond. I will definitely crawl back in the next time I visit Scottsdale. [SEP]
5	Had the meat pizza last night and it was truly one of the pizzas I've had in a long time. The owner is always very welcoming and hearted! [SEP]
1	what can I say about Glam... well, i really, really it. Every time I go there, I the decision. And in my grandiose style, I'm going to say why in a list:1) Cash only!! But listen to this, the bartender will take your debit card, charge you a fee, and give you cash, which you can then use to buy drinks from the same bartender that just did the whole transaction. WHY???? 2) The location kinda blows. It's in a strip mall across from another strip mall. Have you ever driven by there in the day time? It's then, imagine at night time.3) too hipster. I feel I am not allowed there as I for the man, do not wear black leggings, or have razor cut bangs. I, in my mall clothing and mainstream style, stick out a thumb.4) The music is just a little off.... ii dunno how to say what I am thinking, it's just off.Okay, the floor is fancy. That's about it.(sorry, I'm a bar and Glam deserves my wrath) [SEP]
1	Very loud, and quite unpleasant. I felt very and the environment was very uncomfortable. [SEP]
2	This place screams, NO! Indoor seating? No. I ate outside in the heat. Water? No. I asked for a cup of water with my meal and was told they only have bottled water and soda for sale. Straws? No. I walked to Safeway to get a gatorade and they don't even have a straw for me to use. Can I use the Now Groupon for a 14 pizza? No. Only for the 12. The groupon wasn't and the cashier didn't tell me that until after I ordered and bought the Groupon, which I told him about when I walked in the door. To add to injury, all toppings cost extra. some are $1.90 each. Plan to spend a lot of money and be underwhelmed with pizza if you don't head the warnings posted here. [SEP]
5	tire shop. I brought in my car because I kept air in a tire, they found a nail, removed it and patched the tire in 10 minutes flat. Very people, and very prices. [SEP]
5	Spotted Donkey Cantina is amazing! They have Mexican food, and margaritas to wash everything down with. You do have to pay for chips and salsa here, so there probably won't be any of that four bowl snacking before your main entree's come, but the medley of salsa's it comes with make it all it.I've tried quite a few of the dishes here, and they've all been excellent. In no particular order are my favorites:cheddar enchilada's with hatch chiles and rice...spicy!santa fe macaroni and cheese...again- spicy!cod and shrimp tostada's- delicious!shrimp fajitasshrimp tacosAnd for dessert:fried banana wraps or the mango margarita sundae! [SEP]
5	Always consistent. service, carne asada and a patio on a day. [SEP]
4	Ahh, the crave. Having grown up Vietnamese, I consider myself something of an expert on Vietnamese cuisine. So I've had (of course, my grandmother's and mother's food is 5 star), and I've had horrible. Pho Van (putting accents on the vowels is with an American keyboard, so I'm not going to bother) in the middle--not my favorite, but not too bad.We started with appetizers. Cha gio, which is a pork filled roll in a ton wrapper, was okay. It tasted not so fresh, but had filling, and the Nuoc Mam (a fish sauce used to flavor) was okay. My wife and I had Goi Cuon, which is a shrimp and pork, with vermicelli noodle rolled in a rice paper wrapper, was good. This is dipped in a peanut sauce.I had the basic Pho Tai. This is a soup, typically pre-prepared by putting cooked rice vermicelli noodles at the bottom of a bowl, and then very thinly sliced beef, and then Pho broth poured over the soup to essentially reconstitute the noodles and cook the beef. The secret to Pho is really the broth. Typically, this needs to stand on its own to make a judgement. It does--it was flavorful, tasted fresh, and had a very flavor. I was pleased. For my own purposes, I do add Hoisin Sauce and Srirachi Sauce. Having eaten here once before, I knew I wouldn't be disappointed. The only I would have of this Pho is that there's not of it. The standard bowl did not have much in the way of noodles or beef. For $8, I was hoping for more food.The rest of my family members had Bun Thit Nuong Cha Gio. This is a traditional dish with rice vermicelli noodles, barbecued pork, and cha gio, over which you pour Nuoc Mam. There is a bed of vegetables. This is what I typically think of when I think of Asian Salad--it's bean sprouts, lettuce, mint, and cucumber. The barbecued pork tasted quite as did the Cha Gio, once again. I found this food quite as well. The restaurant was very clean, relatively quiet. There's a very fish tank. The decor was very nice. The staff was attentive, and service was quick. I note though that it was 5:30pm on a Friday, and the restaurant was unbusy. The Nuoc Mam very to me though--I'm used to the of this food additive, and this one quite to me. We are talking about something called fish sauce though, so I'm sure there are variants. It tasted so no worries. Staff needs to use towels when they wipe the tables as it does leave its own as well. [SEP]
4	VERY nice. The owner soldiers; we used a USO voucher here for a quick last-minute getaway before my husband deployed. The rooms are very and seem really updated. The staff is extremely and helpful, and the breakfast is good. It's also next to Ikea, can't go there! [SEP]
4	Again, I'm trying to mix things up again on my end, and since Bar was packed with no seating, I decided to go elsewhere and get my internet and coffee on. This place is a little out of the way for me, but they offer wifi, have hours and serve donuts!!!!! for donuts!The place is small. Counter seating only and its limited. Parking is adaquet, and considering its a Sunday afternoon, an open seat is always a sight to see.Service here is fine, and their donut selection is considering how late in the day it is for these guys. I don't go to Dunkin Donuts often, but thier always there when I need them. I the wifi too! hooray!The one to this whole thing?? ITS IN HERE. I feel I'm in a morgue its so dam cold. Anyways, I will be back!! [SEP]
5	I had a really experience at the Havana Cafe.. Everybody there was and the service was great... I don't think our water glasses ever got to less than 1/2 full. The food was excellent. Price-wise it was a little more than we expected, but totally it. The sangria and drinks were kind of pricey, but ah well. Overall a very experience- we will be back! [SEP]
4	Stayed here on Feb 10/11/12 was over all experience.Was judging horse show, so, hours a bit strange. Desk staff very & helpful. Due to injury, used small suite w/disabled capacity $10 more. Very comfortable, bed/pillows/amenities. Clock radio wouldn't allow wake up. Lots of TV channels. Following afternoon, was shy coffee, shampoo, soap, etc., went to desk & resolved(housekeeping problem).Breakfast was OK on first day-not really different than most hotels. Second day, Biscuits & gravy good. Lady taking care of breakfast room OUTSTANDING. If this hotel wants to host horse show folks, they might consider animals, and taking a security deposit. As a judge, I do not bring animals. In normal travel I do.Would certainly come here again. [SEP]
1	I falafels and my boyfriend really Gyros. So, when we received a coupon for Daphne's Greek Café we were jazzed to go check it out.What I noticed away is it has kind of a fast-food sort of feel to it and I thought, OK, its catering to people on their lunch breaks. However, the food itself is Greek food for people who have never had anywhere near really Greek food before and so they wouldn't know any better.The plates are astatically with everything arranged and neat. This amounted to zilch to me. When I got to eat, I want plenty of food and I want quality as appropriately expected from the type of establishment I am eating at. At Daphne's you get a few little thin slices of what may or may not be real gyro meat. The falafel meat is little over disks. That's disks. Not balls of falafel meat where the outside is slightly crunchy and the inside is meaty and moist. The pita bread is not. It's just some flat bread cut into little triangles. The tzatziki sauce is ... what the is this stuff in this little 1 inch paper cup? The vegetables were fresh.There is more to about with this place, but you get the picture. I'm thinking that anyone who it here just doesn't know what real Greek food is like. [SEP]
5	Gourmet markets, to me, are candy shops to a sugar freak. Hello, my name is Thomas. And I am a FoodAholic. There I said it. Do you feel better. Huh? Oh. Sorry. Didn't mean to get so defensive. But how can you defend AJ's? How? How I ask you? Ok, so it's REALLY expensive. And, yes, they should provide a blood donor center at the entrance to give cash on the spot for shoppers plasma. I huge markets. Fry's too big. Safeway just right. AJ's just and then some. The produce section is perfection. Not mounds and mounds of produce you know is wrinkling and rotting more than Bea Arthur in season 6 of the Girls. little baskets hold just fruit and veggies to select from and not too much where you know it's all riddled with germs and spiddle. The meats and cheeses? Oh, my! The filet (at a whopping $34.99 a pound) is every bite. Of course it'll be a year or so when I would pay that much again. Hello? Blood donation station idea! The made food is dee lish...curry chicken salad and brocolli to name two. Yes, it' s called brocolli delight. My gay ass did not name it. I would have called it broccoli. Just rolls off the tongue better. I've never had a cart wobble...see Fry's review...they ride and apparently are for the enviornment. Flowers, baked goods, dishes....AJ's. It's here. I'm queer. Get used to it. [SEP]
4	If you need nunchuks, old china, random golf clubs, and a selection of clothes to sort through, then this is your savers. [SEP]
4	AZ 88 was a experience all around. It's a fun, hip and hopping place. They have an bar selection, and although all I can only personally speak for is the to-die-for burgundy burger, there were four us and everyone was about their meals. [SEP]
4	I go there once a month or so with friends. Yeh, people watching is the best. I to dance too, and I don't care if people think I'm horrible. I'm usually laughing and having fun. And that's the point, right? When you get of one room, go to the other. It's fun. [SEP]
5	This place is fantastic.About the restaurant itself. It's by downtown Phoenix, and in fact next to a Light stop--so keep this in mind, parking is metered and sometimes to come by easily, if you live by a light this may be the option. The place is seriously tiny, only about 6-8 groups of people can be seated at one time. A slight is that there is outdoor seating, which, given the predictably large lines even on weekdays, is a problem. The Phoenix sun will make a 45 minute wait seem an hour and a half wait.Now about the service. I've always had a experience with the people who here. The first time I came here, apparently one of the owners saw that I looked lost, because she came out and very explained how people are seated, where I can go to get coffee in the meantime. She even suggested I leave my cell phone number and she'll call me when my seat is ready, in case I'm shopping for example. The waitresses always serve us quickly and never leave us hanging, and they're always smiling, which for some reason makes the experience so much better.Now for the part. I swear, they put in their food, because although their breakfast options are simple, they are out of this world. The first time I came here I got the waffles. Perhaps it's because they use REAL maple syrup, or all of the ingredients are organic and locally grown, but they make the waffles I've ever had. I don't even know how one makes a waffle really, it seems formulaic, but it's stellar. I ordered it with bacon, which was also wonderful--the bacon used was the stuff, not the bacon you buy at the supermarket. Every bite is spectacular, and when you're done, you're full, but not the kind of full you'll often get at breakfast joints where you think you're going to or take a nap--full, but refreshed.The second time I came I got the pancakes. Not the pancake I've ever had, but still, and the real maple syrup just sends it through the roof. The third time I went I got the waffle again (see above).Before I came here, I was about leaving Phoenix for New York due to the array of dining options you get in that city. Now I'm there won't be anything as good! [SEP]
5	I will continue to give this place five stars for so many reasons. First, the menu is very creative, and offers a of food, with an Asian twist. This time I had the shrimp curry, which had lots of vegetables, and instead of a heavy cream curry, it was a much healthier broth curry. We had the edamame dumplings again, which were as as I remembered. It was kind of to see Dr. Weil eating there last night. It's to know that he the place to dine there. [SEP]
5	We used the taco cart for my 30th birthday this past weekend and we came away very impressed. Eduardo was the guy that came to our fiesta, and he was incredible. When he arrived, we experienced a haboob and he immediately stepped in and bring in our decorations and furniture. He waited about 30 minutes until serving because we were if the haboob was going to again. My wife and I are both in the restaurant biz and so were many of the guests, we all came away with the food quality. Next time we throw a party, we will use them again! Make sure to get the el pastor and carnitas. job Hector & Eduardo. [SEP]
5	I came to Timo for my birthday last week after hearing rave reviews about it from a few friends of mine. I met up with the Jennifer T. and I was so to check this place out!I any place that I get to walk in through a back door. I passed through the very looking patio area first, another plus in my book. Plenty of outdoor seating that looked dangerously inviting once this heat cools off. Inside was intimate, but with the large windows, it wasn't and depressing. your own little wine bar world.They have an wood oven. Normally, that itself is plenty enough, but then there's the food that comes out of that oven. I only tried the spinach and artichoke dip, which was the I have ever had! It didn't have a pool of oil (first time for everything!), it was so fresh, and I really seeing the bread sliced in front of us, since we were sitting at the bar. I saw several other things (flatbread) come out of that oven, and I will have to go back to try them! Everything and was presented with a touch of class without being pretentious. I was also very intrigued by the eggplant dip which is apparently than baba! Now for the drinks. cow. I've been drinking a few years now, so to say, I've tried many, many drinks. Or so I thought. Coconut mojito anyone!? Made with Ciroc Coconut vodka! As tasty as mojitos are, I don't get a long with rum, so vodka was a surprise, and the coconut just brought the mmmmmazing factor to a whole new level. I also tried the white sangria, another 5 stars. wine list too- Apothic Red is one of a few reds I like, and they have it! The staff was notch as well. I arrived shortly before a shift change, and both bartenders were personable and working, and truly seemed to what they were doing. I'm with names unfortunately, or I would to mention them.I can't wait to go back! For drinks and food! I think I'd even go alone for lunch if I didn't have any company! [SEP]
4	pizza, place & the owner was very accommodating. I'm a fan. [SEP]
5	Joe's is truly a special place!! What makes this place so is that you literally feel you stepped back into an American farmhouse situated somewhere in the 1940's. The employees are fully compitent in their abilities and they seem to there. They have homemade root beer, which is very tasty and leaves a and flavorful aftertaste. They also serve Barq's Red Cream soda from tap, which is to find anywhere in the southwest. The outdoor dining area has benches in a picnic style setting, while the indoor dining area features a vintage John Deere tractor as the center piece. The side dishes are kind of small (one scoop), so you might want to opt for and extra side...the mac and cheese rocks!! I also getting cornbread or cake for desert!! [SEP]
3	In the age old debate of length v. girth, Sky Harbor is a proponent of length. I swear this airport is three miles long. And if you have a connection... well, running across the entire airport from people mover to people mover. It's one long, long, long, long, line of hallways and people movers. Over and over and over and over again. But... they've got wifi! ...oh, that only about 60% of the time. Well, it'll do. They do have clean-ish bathrooms and loads of options as far as airport eateries go. But if you take one thing away from this review, let it be this: Length isn't always the answer. [SEP]
4	we come here about once a week. the soup in a bread bowl is yummy- i usually get a wildflower salad with the pesto vinegarette, which is amazing! their grain mustard is also and the service is usually very good. the clientele can be so it is a place to people watch :) [SEP]
4	I'm a patron of Steve's Krazy Subs, so i don't want to get involved in a family rivalry. However, sandwiches are my business and they deserve a critique regardless. At first approach, Neds is much more of a professional looking sub shop. large dining area, clean, tables (*more on those in a minute) I was to see that Neds had the same lunch special...8 in poorboy, chips and drink.$1 more at Neds, but you get bigger chips. Tasted exactly the same, so to compare. My only is the booths. Probably if you are 6'5, but for common folk, uncomfy. [SEP]
2	I judge a soul food place by its chicken, a donut shop by its old fashioned, an ice cream place by its vanilla, and a Greek place by it's gyros. The gyros here are and wholly unspectacular - and sourced from the same food purveyor (Sysco?) as every other gyro stop in Phoenix. The cloyingly thick pita didn't help either.I don't know why it is so to find a legitimate rotating spit gyro in this town - but it is. Especially near downtown Phoenix.Recommendations welcome. [SEP]
1	I don't intend to return, but based on the way we were treated by the kitchen earlier this week, my self doesn't exactly feel anyway. However, I'm not quite convinced that it's my loss... It had been almost a year since my original visit to Breadfruit which did not (as you can judge by it taking me a year to make it back) but I did have an appreciation of the option for Caribbean cuisine. Since a friend and I were going to be downtown for an event, I suggested Breadfruit for our dinner spot. We food and local. The option to pick up wine at the Public Market next door and have the already corkage fee waived was a bonus, as we had really a couple of the Arizona Stronghold wines at a recent FnB wine pairing and thought they would pair with the Jamaican heat! While the scallops were and cooked perfectly, 2 for $12.50 -- $6.25 per scallop -- is a tad in my book. We also shared the Chicken Salad ($9.95) and the Prawns Off the Grill ($14.95). Here's the ultimate rub, the bottom of the menu states no substitutions or modifications... Since when is cutting a KFC-side-sized ear of corn a modification? At the same time, the menu describes the restaurant and it's offerings as Nothing fancy; simply food that nourishes and rejuvenates the body. It seems cutting something in half so we could easily share it -- particularly after the plate has been delivered to the table for us to it's AND after we've communicated to our server and demonstrated with the first two courses that we were the items -- is in the vein of nothing fancy. How about providing the customer with an utensil to cut it themselves, then? The fact that the chef was in to cut the KFC-side-sized ear of corn provided with our entree screams and grandiose and our entire experience. To quote my dinning companion, You are not James Beard and James Beard would've cut the corn! [SEP]
2	Let's put it this way... I ordered two topping-heavy small pizzas from Naked Pizza. I had a Groupon for $20 that only cost me $10. So, keep in mind I am rating this on my entire experience that cost me merely $10 out of pocket.The good? The garlic topping is delicious. The employees were friendly. They were with their toppings. The bad? Daiya cheese is on this pizza and tasted raw dough. If you're off dairy, get the pizza sans cheese. It will probably be a lot better!The just okay? The crust was okay-tasting, if not a little plain and dry. The sauce was for one of us and just okay for the other. This is one of the two times in my life that I have ordered pizza and not kept the leftovers. Of two adults and three kids eating the two small pizzas, we were left with one and a half 10 pizzas, which we tossed in the bin. My daughter this pizza so much, she picked off a few of her toppings and then told me she was full (when she said earlier how she was). I am only rating this pizza two stars versus one because I can see that it would be without the Daiya cheese that I chose to have on the pizza instead of mozzarella. [SEP]
5	Pita Jungle is a staple of mine and my boyfriend's. Healthy, hearty and service. It's too that a lot of their prices have gone up (as have other restaurants) but I'll still this place. Read as: some things went up in price almost two dollars, but you can still have a meal and a drink for around $10, more or less, depending on what you order. I definitely this place over the new one across MCC on Southern - there's something about being by the lake that makes it special. Even if there are stinky ducks there from time to time. ;)Ooh - and the gambas con ajos is my appetizer! :) [SEP]
5	This is my parents' place to eat when they come to Phoenix so we dropped by twice on our family vacation. The owner/proprietress convinced my mom (in mandarin) to let her pick the dishes for our first dinner so we didn't even know what would be coming. The smoked duck was sooo delish as was the special mountain leafy green with bean curd shreds (all minced and not on the regular menu). There was also a shredded pork dish with bamboo (excellent) and a pickled vegetable with fish soup. The soup wasn't really my thing because it was heavily with white pepper which I but the rest of my family said it was exceptional.Our second visit was for lunch before heading off to the airport for the return trip. I could have eaten the entire scallion pancake myself as as the spicy pork belly dish. Luckily, we ordered two orders of potstickers because those were as well. We also had some tasty steamed pork buns but I was stuffed at that point.If you really want to experience shanghai food, let the staff order for you, you won't it. [SEP]
4	I am now a customer of papa johns thanks to pizza hut. Papa Johns is always and and has flavorful pizza.Read my review for pizza hut on val vista/warnerI'm a fan of pizza but this place has some serious quality control issues. Last Saturday I ordered a pizza for pick up. I went to the restaurant and stood at the counter for 10 minutes without being helped. Finally I asked the delivery driver on his way out the door if someone could help. He doesn't say anything to me turns around and sends someone out to help me. The cashier doesn't greet me or apologize for the wait just asks for my name. I get my pizza and go home open the box and take a slice out and notice its completely doughy, stretchy and not even close to being cooked. I am so pissed now. I call pizza hut and ask to speak to a manager, I'm then told to hold then the phone call is disconnected. I call back and get the manager Josh this time and tell him the situation. Josh did apologize, I told him there's no way I'm coming back for another pizza or having one delivered covered in spit, I told him I wanted a refund. The manager did my money. I ended up calling Papa John's to order a pizza, the team member was and and my pizza arrived in 30 minutes and fully cooked and fresh. Papa John's delivery driver was also very and thanked me for my business. I will not being ordering from the Pizza Hut on Val Vista and Warner. Papa John's now has a new customer! [SEP]
4	the weather outside today and sat outside on the grass patio for lunch. I ordered the Oreganos Jr salad and the sausage pesto pizza, I did however manage to convince myself that I was too for a pizzookie(though I don't you talk yourself out of it...I've been regretting since I left!)The salad was always. This particular pizza I tried for the first time! I the sausage, very full of flavor but could have had a few more on it. The tomatoes were as well. But the pesto sauce...kind of lacking. Not too flavorful, couldn't really tell it was there. But I am never by the tomato sauce pizzas...do try. This location is to visit because they are usually not as busy as the other locations. [SEP]
2	The chicken burger with sauce was gross. It was dried out with flavor. The only saving was that it was small, which says there. As another reviewed said, it was a ground chicken patty when I was expecting a grilled chicken breast after going to places Johnny Rockets where I believe they have a similarly named section of the menu that refers to chicken breast sandwiches. I realize I have myself to on that misunderstanding, but it was still a sandwich. [SEP]
4	This place defies being in a single category. Their menu is a bit eclectic and my only is not getting to try more of it.This place was around the corner from my hotel on a recent business trip. We it so much, we ate here a couple of times. I'm Alex P. felt that he was getting attitude. One of my coworkers asked if he could have the daily special from the previous day because he had it so much. They told him it wouldn't be a and fixed it up for him. The food was and priced. I was there in April and getting to sit outside on their patio and the weather. [SEP]
5	I haven't written a review in ages, but this place is SO that I'd be of myself if I didn't review it.I am the most hyberbolic person in the whole world in the history of time, but this time, when I say that it was the pancakes I've ever had, I'm not kidding. Just delicious. eggs were also some of the I've had (and come on, they're eggs, so you don't expect that much variety), and the breakfast potatoes were very good. I couldn't pinpoint the seasoning, but it's different than you usually get.Coffee: Yum. I don't think I'd even heard of Arbuckle's, but apparently it's got a reputation, and so.The owner Joe stopped by our table, and was and genuine. Service was just too.I'm sure Joe's will get a and huge following soon, so believe the and check it out. [SEP]
1	My boyfriend and I tried this place last year and we haven't been back since. The food was really unspectacular, they weren't really that hot. The price is a bit high since there's a restaurant by the same name on Southern and Dobson that serve much food for less. The decor was really and they should paint over the mural, it does not to their clientele. Lastly, the staff was not nice. [SEP]
5	service, the woman who did my hair was and it was the hair cut I've ever gotten. I was told that my hair cut looked than when I was paying $200+ [SEP]
5	My husband and I this place. Every time we drive by he wants to go in and eat. Even if we are driving home from a dinner we just had!! 1. The people that there are AMAZING. They are so and hospitable, always to see you and let you decide the type of dining experience you want. (romantic date, take out, quick bar eats, etc.) 2. This is the place for seafood I have found in Phoenix. I don't know how they find half of the stuff the serve, but they do, and it is just off the boat. (I lived in Boston for 3 years and they get stuff I crave, Kumomato Oysters, all types of fish and meat from East Coast farms) 3. Pricing is on...since they are serving stuff that is to procure, I am always at the value they present. Keep Rocking Yasu!!! [SEP]
1	The salad plates were not chilled... As they usually are it however is a busy night but something's are expected at the olive garden... The food tasted it was under a lamp for so long it tasted almost and also under cooked for the seafood... Not a experience at the olive garden there are certain things expected... The expectations are not that high shouldnt be that to do.... [SEP]
3	After a business trip, I reeeeeally needed a massage. Facility was alright. I personally think it needs an upgrade. off the bat, the area with the lockers (and really where you would get nakey!) is very public...that's the first area that everyone walks through.The outside lounge area was also VERY tiny. I went out there and walked back in because it was full with little privacy. By that I mean I walked out there and BAM! A large naked woman me back inside. Really? G. D. people! I'm trying to relax. Naked out of shape people me out! Just ONCE, I want to see a naked person walking around. And if a woman goes nakey, do some basic maintenance first although that much hair does prevent seeing everything, so it may be a blessing...ugh, you know what? Just stay clothed. Please?But my masseuse totally made up for that. 60 minutes of amazing...I forgot all about business and naked people who should be naked in private! 3 stars because Joelle magic! She was and friendly. Even though the facilities weren't the best, I would consider returning for her massage. [SEP]
2	Don't get Breonna as your server. Didn't ask if we wanted another drink after we decided to stick to appetizers. She didn't appear to know where the water was or remembered we were at one of her tables. Food was as always. [SEP]
4	name indeed, but their grilled chicken pita sandwich is the bomb! It was filled to the brim with saucy, tasty goodness. I still think about that sandwich. I need to go back soon!Interior was a bit lacking, service was OK, but the food is sooo it. Looking forward to trying other things on the menu. [SEP]
5	When people feel a coming, they pop a zinc lozenge or tablet to the immune system. I have a much way to get my zinc supplementation: I head over to Pier 83 for their oysters. With the first crunchy bite I begin to feel so much better. Placebo effect, probably. But hey ... as long as I get that feel-good boost, I don't care. The fish and chips are also the I've had in the Valley. And to think that I've previously been trying to get my fish 'n chips fix from the of Pete's ... yikes! And their clam chowder is delicious; I don't need to feel under the weather to have an for ordering this tasty bowl of comfort. The staff and informal atmosphere complete the enticement for many return visits. [SEP]
2	Everything here just seemed so very dry to me. it was mass prepared a few days ago and they reheat it, put sauce on it and serve it. The sushi felt the same way somehow. [SEP]
4	Clean, hotel with suites including sized refrigerators (easily accommodates a 30 pack). Staff was and went out of there way to around hiccups. Local shuttle, breakfast, managers reception in the evenings; and all within walking distance of Scottsdale Stadium. [SEP]
4	Let me just say that The Hungry Monk has everything you need for a hour. TVS surround the bar area, plenty of seating and a staff await your arrival. Definitely a family place as well...If you get a chance try an entree that comes with pretzel bread as a bun-it was kick-ass! Oh, and I haven't been there a lot but I know they have trivia and karaoke nights too.Good times Hungry Monk! [SEP]
3	This place was just okay. While I can't claim to be an expert in Korean food, I am used to the Korean bbq restaurants in Los Angeles and I can say that this place cannot compete with those restaurants. First, they didn't seem to have the ventilation for Korean BBQ. I have never been to a place where you could see throughout the restaurant from people cooking at their table. Second, the service was AWFUL. It took them forever to just greet us and bring us water and the fact that it was toooo in there did not make us to wait 15 minutes for our water or for someone to even acknowledge our presence. The food was but the seafood pancake was disappointing. They didn't even chop up the green onions that they put in it (seriously, entire stalks of green onion) and it had no seasoning... I may give this place another shot but as for now, I'd give them 2.5 stars if I could. [SEP]
1	I always have customer service with Fedex. How the did they get to be so big with the way they treat customers? I use the Internet a lot for purchases and about 60% of the time, they and then their customer service has major fixing the problems. I have asked for shipments to be held at the closet shipping location to my office and they ship to my home. Another time I asked for the same thing and they held it at the regional depot instead of where I asked that it be sent. I can go on and on about the screw-ups I have experienced with Fedex. But this time they really pissed me off. I get a harassing phone calls from a collection agency that says they have been contracted by Fedex to collect an bill from me in the amount of $4000+. I have asked them for details and all I get is harassment. So I asked Fedex for help and customer service told me to contact Fedex Revenue Services, which I did. I told them that I am getting harassing phone calls from XYZ collection agency and the person who keeps calling is named Chris. I also tell them that the alleged amount owed is $4000+ and the account is supposedly in my name. So I ask that they investigate and tell me if I indeed have an account in my name for this amount. (I know I do not have such an account!). Fedex then tells me that they cannot help me because I have not provided information. WTF? How much more information can I provide? Do they want my height and weight? Maybe my blood type? Maybe I have to provide the names and birth dates of my children too?This is why I say that Fedex really blows! [SEP]
4	I can only comment on two of the smoothies because I am on a banana kick and I choose from one of the two: the Bananrama or the Peanut Butter Chocolate. Oh so good! And now they do offer more than one size! I have started getting this for dinner versus food! I it! [SEP]
3	service. food. Had baked scallops. prices [SEP]
5	I was given a $100 gift card to use at Willow Stream Spa last December... I've been waiting for the day to use it since then. Well, guess what? Today was that day!With my fiance out of town for the weekend, I took of some much deserved Gabi time as I to call my downtime. I called a few days ago to make an appointment and I asked if there were any specials going on. for me, there were several! The one that was most to me was the book any 60 or 90 minute treatment and get a 30 minute treatment to go with it. I chose to book a 60 minute aromatherapy facial and a 30 minute massage to go with it... I was in heaven!I'll back up a moment and just say that I've been to the Willow Stream Spa before... years ago. Today was even more than I remembered. I checked in around noon and didn't leave until after 6pm. I could've stayed longer, but I had to come home to take Minnie out!The Willow Stream facility is and includes every you can imagine... I started out in the fitness room for a quick workout and then took a shower before my massage and facial. I had Tomi for my massage and she focused on my neck, back, and shoulders... (I've been having shoulder so I think she customized this based on my situation). She was but with just 30 minutes, it felt a tease... my facial made it all though- it was bliss! Heather was my esthetician and did a job. I highly her - she explained every product she was using as I in and out of a relaxing sleep while she not only on my face but my shoulders, chest, neck, scalp, hands and feet... the products felt and too. So much so that I bought a couple on my way out. After my services, I had lunch (a salad with veggies and chicken) while I wrote some you notes and read my book... It was so peaceful. It was an escape from the world and I every second of it!So, bottom line - if you are thinking about getting a spa-lover me a gift anytime soon, Willow Stream Spa giftcards are always welcome... what an experience! I'm feeling energized, relaxed, and peaceful. [SEP]
1	I am *floored* that this place has 4 stars. Literally out of my chair, picked myself up, then continued on to write my review. The staff is at this restaurant - I'll give them that. It's relatively and has prices. That's where any end. The food here is absolutely disgusting. Nothing has any flavour - no flavour at all. None. Nada. The salsa is peppery water at best, the beans are mush, and the rice just tastes plain white rice. I had a ground beef burrito, which I'd think would be to up... Nope. Not for these guys. The beef itself was unseasoned burnt 80/20 ground beef. There was at least 3lbs of cream. And for God's sake -- even the cheese mixture had zero flavour. I've eaten pizza boxes. Pass on this places, dudes. [SEP]
3	Everything was average. place. Banh Xeo had to much bean sprouts. The proportion of veg to meat was off. [SEP]
4	The Vig is a breath of air as far as the bar scene goes in uptown Phoenix. ambiance, vibes from both customers and employees, and overall a concept. Anyone can come here and feel comfortable.We went for burger night (Monday night people!), not knowing what to expect... Here's what to expect: a giant effing specialty burger (3 to choose from), cooked to perfection, served with a hearty portion of fries or potato fries! FOR 5 BUCKS!Our waiter was either stoned or really new at his job... I'll give him the of the even though he talked Jeff Spicolli, and say that he was probably just new. But hey, I'm not gonna on $5 burger night... [SEP]
4	For a taste of the exotic, the allure of eating without utensils, and a journey to Ethiopia...Lalibela is your dining destination. Although this restaurant is located in a strip mall in Tempe, the African art, woven baskets, and boxes of Harar in the hall (Ehtiopian Lager, which is delicious!) give you a small sense that you have stepped into another world.This stays preserved as you peruse the menu and realize you have never seen anything it, starting with your to pronounce Yekik Alicha (split peas).But do not be daunted by this new territory. Start your adventure to Ethiopia with the Yekemem Shai, a black tea with cinnamon, cardamom & cloves. If you are new to Ethiopian, and not sure what to get, the Lalibela Exclusive is the most combination of dishes you can sample. Here, you will have a smattering of meat and vegetarian dishes ranging from Yebeg Alicha Sega Wat (lamb cubes simmered in kibae, onion, turmeric and herbs) to my personal fave, the Yekik Alicha (split peas cooked with onion, turmeric and herbs).Once the food arrives, the basket of injera (bread closely resembling a crepe) will become your eating utensils. Don't be shy, tear off a piece, and use it to scoop the morsels off the plate and into your expectant mouth. You will not be disappointed. In fact, you may feel as though you have just stepped off University and into a traveling caravan in the Ethiopian desert.Whether you are a carniverous adventurer, or a vegetarian swashbuckler - you will the and flavors of this unique cuisine. Bring a large appetite, as the food is quite filling. Dominant meats are beef, chicken and lamb. Savory veggies to be are lentils, peas, cabbages, and collard greens.For a gustative to finish your meal, order a glass of the traditional Ethiopian wine made from honey.Overall, from the service to the food, to the ambiance, an place to bring friends, or a date ;) [SEP]
5	Very staff, decor! Small, but don't let that you, sandwiches ever!! The egg salad sandwich was so good, it reminded me of the egg salad I as a kid! Their potato salad is made there and soo yummy!! Talked to the owner and she was very nice. [SEP]
4	Mmmmm, Mmmmmm, food. The popcorn shrimp here are to for-they leave a lasting impression. So does their plate...The service was and quick and attending to us. Also, we had been lounging at the pool all day and were not looking so but they didn't seem to have a dress code or anything as they were more than welcoming. It is a bit but i'm not sure you can expect anything less when going to a W Hotel. I this place to anyone who wants a more sushi experience, atmosphere, doesn't mind paying the extra dollar and tasty food. [SEP]
2	This is my first time using Groupon. It's one way to various cultural experiences without investing too much money just in case. Obviously the restaurant can from the exposure without costing them too much. It's $20 voucher that I've paid $10 ahead. The restaurant only got $5 I believe. And I did Yelp! extensively before hitting the BUY button.I understand that it's to find foods in USA. Everything is Americanized for one reason or the other. Most Americans I know (not those that I don't know) can't handle taste, texture, weirdness, repulsion, and various dislikes. And I know that it's to get the same or processed ingredients and spices from home countries.Those are my pet peeves alright. And there is one more before I get onto the review. Comparison can be deadly.I have tried Latin American foods (including Yucatan, Oaxaca, Belizean). So my knowledge is nil on Venezuelan foods. But I do have taste buds and experiences from various food cultures.Overall. It sucked. I was referring to the taste, variety, and uniqueness. It didn't my dime. My friend and I had the Media Bandeja (1/2 the regular portion) for $25. The big plates came with 2 big serving of steamed white rice, 2 small cups of black beans sprinkled with cheese, half an ordinary avacado, 2 eggs (Chinese style, I cooked that all the time), 2 plain arepas (round flat breads), one chorizo sausage, one blood sausage, 2 scopes of shredded beef, one small steak, few green plantains, and few plantains.The blood sausage tasted tired. I had blood pudding much tastier and and more that that. I grew up with blood pudding. Yummy!!! That maybe the reason that I'm now. Heed my warning, it's not for cholesterol.The steak had tasty flavor; it's ordinary though. I believe it's 5 oz shrunk to 3 oz. The shredded beef reminds me of Joe. It's OK for the taste. The plantains are regular plantains as found in some Chinese buffets or regular dessert menu. It's for the but nothing more than that in this restaurant.If you give me a steam bun or silver thread roll (both are steamed rice dough), I can tell how much salt it contains, the chewing satisfaction, the freshness, and the steamed distinct aroma. And I can eat it plain. Arepas? What's that? It's an tasteless, odorless, chewy carb that didn't my taste buds a bit. Boring!!! Honestly, I had no clue how special it was supposed to be. It tasted after I stuffed avocado and shredded beef inside.The green plantains were cardboard. carb without taste, but it has a green tinted color.My friend also ordered Tequenos (fried breaded cheese sticks)... really tiny for $1 each. Chinese egg rolls ($1 each) are twice as big and they are greaser and tastier. (I ain't a size queen).The Empanada Ham Queso was so tiny with 2-bite size for $4. Come on... are you kidding me!!! Calzones are more and much bigger with ham and cheese and more ingredients, for similar price. (Again, I ain't a size queen).My point is that it's so ordinary that I couldn't see the cost value especially for Bandeja. I can serve up the same plates at home with minimal cost. I know the restaurant needs to earn money for cooking, serving, paying wages, and renting the space.We were the only table that night. The wait service was ordinary... between a bus boy and minimalist. The ambient was plain... and not a place you expect to pay $40 for two (before Groupon).So diners, I a chance to have a different cultural experience. You should give it a try. Due to a of familiarity, the foods tasted and boring. I don't feel any new knowledge except a few words on the foods. I feel they were serving home cooked meals or peasant foods as ambrosia and they charged accordingly. That's my with this restaurant. And I have a totally different experience than the Yelpers here. [SEP]
1	HA HAHAHAHAHA! Pit is right.... man, this place would have been a idea if i wasn't already expecting lameness.now occupying the space that has seen the of not one, but two dance club (411 and Level), Pit Afterdark.... I mean Cherry Lounge and Pit is beyond ghetto.opened by the same people who do sugar daddy's and dos gringos, this place has all the sexiness and allure of a Trails commercial. You know? I was half expecting to turn a corner to see a neon colored bikini-clad bleached blonde on of a motor boat. well, they've updated the look of the cage-trapped go-go dancers to mini panties with knee-high dragon rider boots with muppet skins adorning them.the vids of lounge-goers (a la daddy's and now dos) playing in tiny screens on the walls in hallways and behind bars in tact, interspersed with footage of seriously hagard looking chics doing things sucking on lollipops, cherries, winking (yes, she was winking at you, wasn't she? inviting you in to her red-drenched lair to bask in the of a alcohol doused club circa 1992).i'm not sure what the DRESS CODE we were so and largely reminded of in line, but the girl in front of me had on an oversized T-shirt, baggy jeans and flip flops (?) and they took her $5 and let her in no problem. i also saw a girl dressed exactly peggy bundy...no joke, spandex black calf leggings, long spandwex shirt in orange, heels and a giant boob belt. it was so i took a picture. she was not with my observation, so i had to the photo.anyway.... take it for what it is, a club owned by dos gringos guys on mill ave. [SEP]
4	This place has food on EVERY visit. Lots of choices and really service! to have this so close to work. Check the soup and sandwich combo. Salad bar rocks too. [SEP]
5	i this place and eat there every time I'm in the area. Pizza, pasta, appetizers all fantastic. Plan to spend some time waiting for a table. We always have just eating at the bar. Yumm [SEP]
4	I had a lot of at this place. You know you aren't getting sushi so you put those expectations aside. This is a place for groups bday parties. The restaurant isn't that big and they don't take reservations so you end up waiting a while, especially on weekends. We went on a Sunday night around 7:45pm and had to wait almost an hour. I getting the sushi boats which is basically an assortment of sushi. It's a value for the price. The miso marinated cod is fantastic, but the shrimp, scallops and garlic spinach dish is just ok. The scallops dynamite is really rich. The restaurant is inside so it's not a place for a or date. [SEP]
5	This is an family owned business. We've had and food each time we've been here. They homemake things their ranch dressing to take them to a different level than other places. Highly this place. Prices are not either. [SEP]
5	When cowboys ride off into the sunset, they probably stop at Greasewood Flat for a burger and beer. This rustic little bar is located a bit outside the city near Peak and is definitely the drive! You'll know you are in the spot when you see the antique farm equipment and suddenly feel you are walking up to an Old West saloon. Say hello to the mule on your way in. Outside they have picnic tables, horseshoes, and fire pits (gets out there in the desert!), and on the weekends they have live music and dancing. Inside, the bar is small, and the place is covered in dollar bills and business cards left by cowboys and cowgals. For the nights without live music, don't you fret, they have a jukebox with tons of country hits. The night we went it was the bartender's birthday, and the regulars were definitely having a time. Both a historic landmark (120+-year old original stagecoach stop) and a dive bar, Greasewood Flat is special to Arizona, and is a definite must see. I'll be going back on a weekend to get the true Greasewood Flat experience and hopefully see a cowboy or two.. [SEP]
4	Even though there are only two things on the menu that I can eat, they're tasty and the service is fast. I am a bit surprised by all the five stars though, you people do realize that this is just a chain sandwich joint, right? [SEP]
5	Full disclosure: one way or another, I have only been to Roaring Fork for the Hour, but the hour is darn good. You can, and you should, get that kettle of green chili pork or the big-ass burger, or yet, share the two with someone nice. The huckleberry margarita is so good, I've had three in one sitting (no, I wasn't driving!). I fully intend to get over there for dinner soon, because I keep seeing the sugar cured duck on the menu and just thinking about it now my mouth is watering. It gets busy during the hour, though, so be prepared to wait a little if your party is large. [SEP]
4	Had to bring my wife's necklace here to be repaired. Service was great, the looking girls were very helpful. In all, we had a very experience. Looks we will be coming back soon. Wife had her eyes on something? [SEP]
4	spicy Mexican food? then this is the place for you. They have food, service and beers to choose from. My family and I go here often. [SEP]
4	If your boyfriend is a baseball player and is in Spring training.... Watch out for the heat...as it gets SOOO HOOOOOT and SOOOO DRY...... i literally had to stand with my legs apart and my hands on my waist to air what needs to be aired.Yup. thy boyfriend..... I can't wait to come back here this May for Minor League Spring training! I probably will be wearing a bikini and a see through dress. But really..I've never seen fields so managed here... I've only been to where the Royals practice....and It's quite amazing! This May, i'd definitely see games at the Texas side. [SEP]
4	Crust. ingredients. the of Peter Reinhart's book American Pie? Not sure. It was though.No ice tea kepts it from getting 5/5. [SEP]
4	I've been to China Noodle many times over the years; it's one of my husband's places to eat. The employees are and to provide service.I always get #34 (Beef, Noodles, w/XO sauce) or the #27 (Seafood Noodle Soup) and both. The noodles plates are big; unless you are a big eater, expect to take some home. The mango smoothie w/boba is also delicious; you can taste the fruit and know it's fresh.I agree w/some of the other reviewers regarding the - this place definitely has a to it, who knows what it is - but it's not a disgusting/offensive smell. Overall the place is clean, the service is good, and the food is great! [SEP]
4	Another indoor (two-story) Westcor Mall that has gone through a few minor changes over the years (updating the restrooms in the Food Court area, adding Dick's as another anchor store, adding the kid's play area, etc...). It's also seen many big and small Retailers come and go too.When this mall opened back in 1994, Robinsons-May was the ONLY store open before the rest of the mall. There were empty fields in the surrounding areas and orange grooves in other parts. It's to believe, but the ONLY restaurant open at the time in the area was Applebee's across the street.Fast forward to today, the Mall still attracts shoppers from all over, since it's the ONLY indoor mall in the West Valley (not counting Sky Mall-don't go there!).Anchor stores: Macy's, Forever 21 (in the former Mervyn's building), Dick's Sporting Goods, JC Penny's, Sears (formally Montgomery Wards), and Dillards.AMC Movie Theater is located inside the mall.Besides the Food Court, there is a Chevy's, Johnny Rockets, and Mile Deli.Some newer Retailers include: Sephora, Coach, Disney Store (they came back!), Apple, Swaroski, and J. Jill. The mall stays full of Retailers, once in awhile, there are a couple of empty stores, but not for very long.This is still a family mall to visit and shop. Westcor keeps it updated and clean. [SEP]
4	Food : Fried. Carbs. Cheese. Yum.Selection: Main specialty and dessert. Sufficient. Price: Under ten bucks a pop. Great.Parking: Sucks! I nearly after having to park across the street (no room at the inn) via a running jaywalk across the 7th ave midday madness. However, I don't care. Gluttony is so it.Hours are rather limited. for me anyway, otherwise I'd have to start popping Lipitor because you'd probably find me here way too often. [SEP]
4	prices in Phoenix ladies, will do exactly what you ask with your hair [SEP]
2	The fry bread in itself was great, it is just what goes inside it is not that great. I have been wanting to come here for a long time since I have heard so much about it. I got a bean and cheese fry bread and the beans came half smashed with whole pinto beans in it, which I can't stand. The beans are not very flavorful when they are whole. The cheese was a thick shred which didn't melt and it was altogether disappointing. My partner got the fry bread with ground beef which he said was not flavorful at all. It was they just cooked the beef with no flavoring at all. Maybe they were having a really off night? Yelp, why have you been me lately? I keep going to these reviewed places and they suck. [SEP]
5	i the $5 hours. all the dishes are a value and delicious! [SEP]
4	The owner is extremly friendly. place as all the other Yelpers have said. I ordered the Blackened chicken sandwich with patato salad. Not too spicy, but just right. The patato salad was extremly good. If your out and about in the afternoon looking for lunch, stop in here. [SEP]
3	I'm gonna have to hide this review from my girlfriend who is from Wisconsin and a big Brewer fan. To be honest, this is my least stadium to go to because of its location and just overall atmosphere. It has an outfield grass area, but it is kinda boring. Maryvale is a no frills ballpark, so if you are going to a Spring Training game to actually watch some baseball, this is the stadium for you. If you want to go for the game, the scene and overall experience, I'd a stadium in Scottsdale. For what it's worth, a friend of mine says this is his Spring Training stadium, but frankly I think he feels that way since it was the one stadium he actually played in while in college. I personally to go to a game and then head over to some bars or restaurants, but at this stadium I check out the game and then get the outta there! [SEP]
5	It's high time I wrote a review for Jade. I grew up on their food. So many family memories were created here so it's for me to go anywhere else and be quite as happy. The owners know my family and are always with a hug. This is truly a real-deal Phoenix institution. I have so many items but here are few must-tries: chicken lettuce wraps (I'd been eating these here looooong before so-called fusion joints PF Chang's had them on their menu), sizzling rice chicken, sesame chicken, Jade chow mein, honey-dipped chicken wings, any one of their soups. So much to choose from and it's all done with true consistency. a local, family-run joint for truly Chinese food! [SEP]
5	I wish that this place were not so - I have not been able to drink the coffee at my office in weeks. The location that One Coffee occupies used to be a coffee shop graveyard. Several coffee houses went out of business in this location, to compete with Starbucks. One Coffee has bucked that trend and it is not to see why. One Coffee has coffee and it is consistent. The staff is always friendly. This place is certainly doing something right; everytime I go in there it has more and more customers. [SEP]
3	I don't know why it is that all these airports have such a major of seating. The staff here are friendly, and security is quick, but I just wish they'd on the gate areas and add more seats. Need an example? Sacramento International's new terminal. [SEP]
1	I bought a deal off of Living Social and waited a while to call them, figuring they'd be with business. Now I can't get them to call me back so I can use my deal. (NOTE: There were no reviews of this company on Yelp BEFORE the Living Social deal.) Of course, Living Social is no help - their website says I need to call a consumer in my area. This kind of thing, I predict, will be the of every deal-of-the-day site: the company selling the deal bears no of having to pay refunds if the business providing the goods or services doesn't perform. I have since cancelled my subscriptions to EVERY deal-of-the-day email out there. Lesson learned about TWO companies with no ethics. [SEP]
4	A hole in the wall mexican restaurant and a Phoenix icon. Known for their machaca and their hot, freshly made flour tortillas. food at prices.For a photo of the chimichanga in Phoenix and a full review, check out my blog post: http://blog.phosyzzle.com/carolinas [SEP]
1	The Duce is a disaster. As an Arizona native and a downtown local I root for places downtown. I wanted to this place. The 1st time we tried the Duce I was extremely let down by the customer service. The parking is atrocious. It's as if you are inconveniencing the staff by asking where you order food. They were out of just about everything we wanted to order. So disappointing. However I decided to give them a second shot. Everyone has a night. We went to an event there last night the entertainment by Scandalesque was AMAZING... same customer service from the staff at the Duce. Management needs to wake up. concept. customer service and staff. [SEP]
5	NOTE: the reviews above. It looks as if there is some deliberate attempt by the Udupai owners to pose as members and this place. Yes, this owner used to own Udupai Cafe and Udupai Cafe is another dosa house that competes with this eatery. If you read my other reviews, you know that I'm and my attention to detail is there so I'm not one of these people who every place he eats at.PositivesI'm Indian and I can you this place is good. I have never been to Udupai Cafe but based on its health inspections, I would be to eat there. Woodlands is a eatery in a part of Chandler. It's not a restaurant. It's basically a Dosa shop. They specialize in Dosa and offer several types. They also have Indian Chinese dishes. The food is and I have eaten there on several occassions. This is a lunch/light dinner place. Don't think of this place a restaurant. There are several types of Dosa and that's what this place specializes in. The restaurant is also and not is some strip mall so don't about health codes here...at least not for a while.NegativesTheir non-South Indian dishes are not so good. For non-Indians, they should be informed that this is a Dosa house so order dosa and other south Indian dishes. Don't order your typical Indian restaurant favorites palak paneer (it wasn't here). The owner also says every dish is which isn't true; he is kind of a businessman so he doesn't really care about telling you which dishes stand out. Stick to the Dosa and the Vegetable Manchurian. Their mango wasn't very good. Their chiku is great. [SEP]
5	Mail Call is a full service shipping store. The owners are great-they are and accommodating. I purchase shipping supplies from them are their prices are very fair, much less than a larger place up in the airpark. They take care all of my local needs and get the job done. to Mail Call! [SEP]
4	I've been eating at Hap's since they were in a trailer in a parking lot on 24th and Jefferson. And for those of you who have don't from the south, you will find this to be extremely BBQ. I always opt for the 2 meat combo dinner with smoked lamb and pulled pork (sometimes beef brisket). Served up with cornbread and mashers plus BBQ sauce and mint sauce on the side. My one is they don't serve corn on the cob. Head over just before or after the busy lunch hour and escape the wait in line. I don't see Honey Bear's getting New Times of Phoenix consecutive years in a row. Not to say that Honey Bear's isn't but I guess it depends on what kind of BBQ sauce you since the sauce makes it. Hap's was also highly regarded in Sunset Magazine's of the West and several other publications on their wall. [SEP]
5	I the other locations of Thai Rama and this one is no exception! Food is fast, tasting and seasoned. The lunch specials are unique and delicious, and the service is good. Far to the Char's Thai restaurant that used to be in the same location. [SEP]
4	I visited this location a few months ago for the first time, and returned for my second visit the very next day. I got their standard chicken and waffle plate on my first visit, and just chicken and macaroni the next day.Both visits were and the food was delicious.My only is that the waffles I got were a bit on the thin side. I've had chicken and waffles from many different soul food places all over the US and in comparison LoLo's waffles were just okay. The chicken on the other hand was A+. It was and juicy and fried.I see myself coming back here again. [SEP]
5	This is a place in an extremity of the Valley. They serve both Korean and Japanese food. They are quick and attentive. Having lived in South Korea for two years, I can honestly admit that this is some of the most Korean cuisine I've had in Phoenix. I typically ate bibimbap once a week minimum over there and I can't really tell the difference between Takamatsu's version and the stuff I had on the other side of the Pacific. I noticed they offer a list of other, more foods I learned to over there, including naengmyeon (cold, spicy noodles), japchae (stir-fried glass noodles), and several other dishes. They also follow tradition and bring you several side dishes. it or it, kimchi accompanies every meal, as do spicy bean sprouts, a tangy spinach dish and a few other random sides. It's a little bit more than average restaurant prices in the Valley, but definitely it when you consider the sides that come with it, and a spiced tea for dessert. [SEP]
1	Dr. Pierrend is ok, he will write prescriptions for about anything without really investigating if the are needed but he seems a guy. The staff are horrible. They tried to charge me 2 times for lab results which are covered by my insurance. to give me the results without billing insurance for an office visit. I would not this medical provider to anyone. Everyone in my family has gone to PMG and has a story to tell. If you are you will look elsewhere for medical help [SEP]
3	I'm sure this is a Spa and Resort; I was here for a conference. Being the worker I am, I did not see the pools, spas, or golf course. I saw the conference rooms, my hotel room, and the restaurants. I have to say the hotel rooms were nice, very large, each with a little patio. The restaurants ands bar are all and not the price - but if you are sans-car you are trapped. The saving here is the little 'coffee shop' by the entrance. There they have very tasty sandwiches and beverages for a price - grab some eats there and go sit outside or on your patio. You'll feel on the complex...18 bucks will get a town car to take you to Old Town. To get back to the hotel, go into a restaurant and ask them to call a cab for you...its pressed to find cabs on the street (least it was in the afternoon where I went into town). [SEP]
5	place to get wine, beer, spirits. It also has keg selection. [SEP]
5	bruschetta I have had here. wine selection as well.My bruschetta are:-smoked prosciutto, fig, mascarpone, truffle oil-roasted chicken, sundried tomatoes, goat cheese-pulled pork, housemade pesto, roasted red pepper-mozz, basil, roma tomato, qc olive oil & balsamic [SEP]
2	Came here on a Friday night to some wings and a cheeseburger with the lady. Well, if you want to a burger they charge you $1.50 for this. Hmm. Why were my wings not charged an additional $1.50? I understand their thought process but we were not hungry to order 2 dishes and food. Also, for a sports bar on a Friday night, I expect beers to be continually full, not waiting 10 minutes in between. I'll be back for the wings and for a change but the customer service definitely will be remembered. [SEP]
4	Had the of House of Tricks last night, for the second time in the past twelve months.With a party of six, I was to get to see a range of dishes and try out most of the menu via my dining companions choices. The restaurant, found in Tempe near ASU, is not to find and houses both indoor and outdoor seating. The outdoor seating is where we ended up last night and between the fire pit in the middle of the grounds and the of trees/greenery, the setting quite well. Our party was seated immediately and without problem, the night was off to a start. Our waitress, Jamie, was both and courteous. Jamie had a understanding of the menu, the specials and especially the wine. Her for multiple members of the party out perfectly. Each person in our party ordered an appetizer and off we went.I had the pork belly, on Jamie's suggestion. Other choices within our party included the salmon cake, sweetbreads two ways, and the scallops. I thought the pork belly was great. It had a pea puree as a base sauce and some baby carrots that just killed. The scallops were tasty and cooked perfectly. The sweetbreads two ways were a bit of a letdown. As a of sweetbreads, I have had the of tasting some of the variations of there preparation. These were just not that great. They weren't cooked and the seasoning was lacking. This would be the only dish of the evening.For the entree, I had the pork osso bucco. This was a real treat, cooked evenly, and tasty. Other entree selections around the table included the ahi tuna, the salmon, and the duck. The tuna was the standard seared on a bed of potatoes. Both diners who chose this selection were quite satisfied. My companion had the duck and while she certainly the dish, she found the duck slightly fatty. All around, the entrees were and plates were cleaned. With little room left for dessert, we ordered three selections for the table to share. All were and once again our plates were cleaned off. The dessert was agreed upon to be the homemade smore the restaurant produces. All in all, this is a restaurant with a atmosphere and service. I would eat here again and you to do the same. [SEP]
4	My vintage shopping in the Phoenix area has been so far. Goodwill, Salvation Army, and Savers are in their separate boat of stuff that is rarely vintage. Buffalo Exchange shouldn't even be called vintage, because it is not. It is much more of a consignment store. Most of the things are new (or lightly worn) and are than retail prices but more than Goodwill. The selection really isn't bad. I have found a few things here I am really with. Example: A pair of orange high heels from Steve I think. (I don't really give a about brand names, I buy things because I em, no matter the name). They were thirty bones (not too cheap) but probably a lot less than they would have been at the mall (I am guessing, 60?).Its still a store despite the vintage confusion. Everyone who there I think gets all the clothes first because they are always so freakin' adorable! (not the kind either, can you believe someone is f*cking the handshake in this metropolis?). So get over there. You will find some stuff. Just don't even selling anything unless it is high end brand name or the vintage find you have ever gotten (and that one is even not a guarantee). [SEP]
5	If you want go to Walmart! But if you want eclectic trinkets that you will proudly own and showcase in your home this is the place for you! [SEP]
1	Very experience. male doctor. Uncaring. And no help.I went to this Care with a ankle so that I was nauseous, and having vision problems. The doctor interrogated me and advised me to get my head examined. I'm not kidding. Mom was right: doctors don't advertise. This place actually solicits Yelp reviews. [SEP]
2	is really all I can think of. Blah, Blah, Blah.Everything tasted the same. Everything! I got an open chicken burrito which is basically a burrito in a bowl, opened. It had chicken, rice, cheese, peppers, onions and the shell. I ate a piece of chicken, tasted the grill. I ate some rice, tasted the **Burnt** grill. I ate an onion, tasted the grill. I are a pepper, tasted the grill. I ate the cheese, tasted a burnt grill with cheese on top. YUCK! I ate about 4 forks full and was so I had to chuck it.Fail of an airport dinner to the max! [SEP]
5	Huge Fan of this place. People in the food industry should take a lesson from these guys as they have customer service. Huge fan of the sandwiches. [SEP]
4	I Over Easy. The former location had more but this one is bigger and you don't have to wait as much :)The food is and the owners are and friendly. We just ate breakfast there. I got the 3 eggs over with mushrooms. The eggs were way too raw. I told the server about it and I asked to just get 2 eggs over instead of remaking the dish as the kid in the table was getting grumpy. That's what I ate for breakfast. The server didn't take it off the bill. I wouldn't say anything about it but I didn't get to eat the dish I wanted but still got to pay for it. Not cool.The Ppllo Loco is ! Hopefully this is a one time and the owners are still on of everything they used to be. [SEP]
4	Tried this place through Groupon.Don't have a palette or interest in wine types, so I can't talk about the wine quality. I had all their wines and them.The cheese plate had four of them, I wouldn't say they were uniquely different from one another. There was sage derby, brie, mahon and something else. One of the crackers that came with the plate was very hearty and nice, the other was - oily tortilla chips that weren't fully fried. The plate also came with cranberries, apricots, grapes, olives and salted nuts and seemed a value. Overall though I had a time, and thought the combination of wines and cheeses I had was good. The decor was typical AZ type, brown and beige. They had live music. We sat at the tasting bar but there were groups at tables too. Outdoor seating was too. Saturday evening was full but not overcrowded.The person who attended on us was very - Christine I believe her name was. Another guy who talked to us first thing when we sat down asked and classified us as Groupon or non-Groupon, which felt but I guess that reflects how many Groupon customers they had had. He also said you are not drinking to make me happy, you're drinking to make you when we asked him if he had which I thought was at best. [SEP]
4	To quote my boyfriend, we this place because they're solid. Every time we order here, the food is and fresh. I always get their and chicken and I am never disappointed. Instead of chicken chunks coated in batter, this place uses a chicken breast with batter that I would describe to be a thin tempura batter. There is no excess batter or chunks to deal with it. The service is and we see the same waiter every time we eat here. This is the my go to place for Chinese food. [SEP]
4	This was my first time to Sekong By Night. I have had Khmer food before, which is ironic, as my wife is from Vietnam, but never had Khmer food from Cambodia. She has to come to the USA to experience Khmer food!! I have eaten Khmer food in San Francisco CA, and in Siem Reap.Both my wife and I were surprised with Sekong By Night. It looks a tiny little forgettable restaurant from outside on the street, but once you step inside. you can see the owner put some thought into the decor. It really looks Asian. It is as though the owner went on a shopping trip to Phnum Penh and came back with tons of artwork for the place. The Amok fish is really nice. Reminded me of a cafe I had dinner at in Siem Reap some 9 years ago when I was seeing Angkor. The fish was fresh. My wife wanted to switch with me (she ordered the Katheaw Cha). The Katheaw Cha is also very good. I ordered a Coconut Juice as my drink expecting it to be canned. It was fresh, and (a surprise!!!)My wife ordered the Grass Jelly drink, and it was also good. I really wish that this place was in Mesa AZ, as I would go more often. Maybe so, I will make the drive again to this place from Mesa as appropriate. This place was a surprise and I wish the owner success. I want this restaurant to succeed. The only place where the Khmer food was (for me) was Siem Reap, but then it is perhaps a little unfair to compare a restaurant in the USA to what really is in Cambodia. [SEP]
5	My daughter and I got a from our nail tech at Scottsdale nails. WE VIETNAMESE FOOD and I was so to find this place. It is as as what I used to get in Oakland, CA. The location is a little but once you are inside the interior is and and the service is very friendly. We our noodle soup and spring rolls and we will be back for more! [SEP]
5	I have been attending Az Combat for the past 9 years and the instructors are fantastic. They teach Kickboxing, Jui-jitsu and MMA classes. Az Combat was one of the very first MMA Gyms in Arizona and have a as one of the 10 training gyms in the nation. My daughter has also been at this school for the same amount of time and has taken of many of the classes they offer including their boot camp. I would highly this gym for beginners and the looking to into the MMA circle. They have produced some of the named fighters in Arizona. [SEP]
4	It was a rainy Saturday, yes, that's right, it was raining and and muggy! UGH! But when it rains I just want to go sit in a coffee shop and people watch or just relax a little. And I don't have a coffee pot at home now. Yes, I know, it's somewhat sacriligious for someone such as myself who is a caffine addict. Sad, but true. I just needed my fix and it's that time of year people.....the Pumpkin Spice Latte is BACK!!! HOORAY!!! It is my all time favorite!!This is the closest Starbucks to where I live. Just a few blocks away. When my friend took me here the first time she told me it was the gay Starbucks. Yup, I think that is to say. I'm straight but if I were gay, dang, I'd probably be here more often. I this location though. It never seems to be busy and there is always a place to sit weather it's inside or out. It's and the staff are friendly. It also that I was cleaning out my wallet and found a Starbucks gift card. Score! There is not much else located near this Starbucks. The Egg, which looks somewhere I might try, and Jamba Juice but sadly, it looks just about everything else has closed up in this little strip mall. Too because it must have been a hoppin place a few years back. I may have to go back soon......like, today, maybe....I'm getting another craving for my PSL!!! YUM!! And now they have a PSL Frap! I have not tried it yet but I will. Sounds pumpkin pie through a straw! Yum-O! [SEP]
5	Delux is always really good, fresh, and it's a place too! I the beet salad with chicken added. It's delish! My man digs the burgers and we both scarf the potato fries. their dipping sauce that comes next to the ketchup, Ah-mazing! [SEP]
3	place to grab some quick groceries. [SEP]
1	ZERO stars!I traveled from STL to SFO a few weeks ago (with a layover in PHX). I have a couple complaints;One, I was checking 2 pieces of luggage in STL. One ended up being 14lbs. over weight (it was a cooler with food I bring home each year from my dad). I was charged an additional $90 on of the $35 initially for the cooler to ship (including the $25 for my first bag- so $150 total)! This is an additional charge! I thought bags were charged an additional $25 other airlines I've had to pay at but $120 to ship one bag is just (and a set price for bags is NOT listed on your website)! On of that I paid $250 for a pet ticket so my baggage fees were $400 total... $100 more than my round trip ticket to fly. I couldn't believe that!On another note, the woman agent me at STL was the most customer service agent I've ever dealt with anywhere! She was to me about the baggage and then claimed my dog was too tall to fit in her carrier so she claimed she wouldn't allow her to fly. She raised he voice at me and called me a very person for making a dog ride that for a whole flight; seriously making me cry. I fly all over the country to do shows with my dog and this has never been a problem, including on the first leg of my trip when I bought the round trip dog ticket in SFO. This woman name-calling was totally inappropriate... people in line beside me were astonished. Since I had my round trip dog ticket purchased already, and she was of fighting with me over it, she let me go but told me the gate person probably wouldn't let me on the flight (and of course the gate person did).Between the dog crate episode and the bags, I have never been treated so and charged with such high adage fees. I'm very to not be able to fly US Air anymore since I never had with them in the past. It was a way to end a very holiday vacation.I have passed the word on to as many people and websites as possible not to fly this airline! [SEP]
4	Given the high ratio of staff to customers, it took longer than expected to get acknowledged. However, my drink came out quickly, as did my food. The menu items all had names based on the Fox sportscasters, but that, along with the 24 TV's playing (you guessed it) sports, made it rather entertaining. The food quality was surprisingly for an airport sports bar--burger was tasty, bacon was crispy but not burnt, and made with actual cheddar cheese. Service was too. Lorraine refilled my drink the instant it was empty, the dishes and offered the check within a minute of pushing them away, and brought the receipt almost immediately. If I'd been rushing to catch a flight, I think Id have been fine. Burger, fries, and Coke, plus tax and tip for just under $17; not too for an airport.Overall, it was a bit the US Olympic swimmers I was watching while I ate--a tad off the blocks, but came back to the gold. [SEP]
3	We ordered from here the first day in our new home, also the first NFL Sunday this season. I was expecting about an hour wait. They quoted me 45 minutes for delivery, and when the doorbell rang after 20 I thought it was solicitors or perhaps neighbors coming to us into the neighborhood. I was surprised that it was our food. We ordered a mushroom pizza (meh), and wings and chicken tenders - both very tasty. We're used to more thin crust pizzas, NY style I guess? so this was a bit doughy, but the garlic herb crust was yummy nonetheless. Not sure if we'll order from here again, unless we don't find our NY style place, but it was still good. [SEP]
1	Bad... food was horrible... do not your time or money [SEP]
5	edited selection of mid to high end electronics. and professional staff. These guys (and gals) know what they are talking about and will go the extra mile in terms of customer service. Thinking about splurging on a home theater? Ask for Scott. He will listen to you and help you build your dream system within your budget. He will even respond to your hi-fi emergencies (eg. the guests are arriving for your Bowl party and you don't remember how to the mission control style remote). [SEP]
4	This is quite possibly the hamburger on the planet. I live for In-N-Out Burger when I head West and I was by the of the staff and speed with which my order was processed during a busy Thursday evening.I'd give this location 5 stars (and if I were rating the burger and service alone, it's no contest), but I was by the fries. They didn't taste as as usual. That said, they weren't or frozen, so they beat every other food chain.I'd certainly go back since my Double Double without, with pickles, sliced chilis, and extra spread was AMAZING.Be aware: they do not accept American Express, but Visa and Mastercard are just fine. [SEP]
5	.:chomp:. this is one .:mmmghgh:. burger .:sllluuuurrrpp:.It's got a combination of yumminess with a side of .:chomp:. awesomeness. The burgers are and .:chomp:. perfect. The custard is .:lick:. and diabetic .:mmmmmmm:.(They have no sugar added custard). i would definitely this place! .:lick:. [SEP]
5	I have been looking for a therapist for a long time. Someone that takes the time to read my body, to see the synergy of the muscles and be able to do the work. Finally, I found Robert. He has been an LMT for more than 15 years in the Valley and continues to himself often. His studio is located just off of the 51 about 10 minutes in a residential neighborhood.The massage intake questioning was thorough, but not invasive. His set up is and the room & table were warmed by a heater! The massage lasted 90 minutes or so, I didn't want to go back to the real world. He does offer Gift Certificates and has Pay Pal set up on his website if you didn't plan ahead with stopping for cash. I will definitely visit him again when I need the work! [SEP]
3	I've eaten breakfast here a few times and always thought the food and service were good. I think the prices are reasonable. My only is the place is too small. there have been many times the hubby and I go there and there is simply nowhere to sit, so we end up leaving. I wish they would expand the dining area as I would to eat here more. I chain restaurants, but when this place is too I end up at a chain. [SEP]
3	This is the place to go in Scottsdale for an Italian beef. When I visit Chicago I usually go to Al's or Portillo's for Italian beef and having Al's here saves me the trip to the Windy City.The decor here is with several motorcycles displayed throughout the restaurant for some reason. It's and and plenty of employees provide relatively quick service.I ordered the regular Al's beef with peppers. I usually don't order my sandwiches wet because they come with plenty of juice already. flavor and just the size. The fries were thick but a little for my taste.All in all, a lunch and a place to keep in mind when I'm feeling a taste of Chicago. [SEP]
4	dropped by for lunch with 90yr old and 2 yr old plus hubby. all in all very good. hubby had sausage samich w/fries he really it. baby had spaghetti and meatball she ate real which means it was real good. mom had catfish w/spaghetti and marinara, she ate more than half and the rest went home with her. i had chicken marsala w/marinara on ziti. i subbed the wedding soup for the salad. the service was very quick and attentive. the lamb appetizer was just with the bread. everything was tasty and very presentation. will be back soon, very convenient, very prices plus a full bar for hour.pizza looked very promising, too. take out may also be in my future relationship with lil deemo's. [SEP]
5	Just tried this place this afternoon. Very staff & rates with no commitments. You don't need to about paying some $25-$40 co pay at a regular Chiropractic's office each time you visit. It's $49 a month and you get four visits a month. It's not massage where you have to sign a contract for a year and its to quit. This goes month to month. Try it out once for $19 if you want. This company is really growing. So stop by and see for yourself!! [SEP]
1	We ordered $40 of pizza for takeout and it took almost 2 hours -- was told 20 minutes. We were not comp'd for anything. When I expressed my dissatisfaction, they offered to give me $40 credit toward my next order. I asked for this in writing, and they gave me the we can't provide it in writing -- we wrote your name down and have you on record line.Guess what -- I called back a couple months later and they had no record. They to the credit....and were rude. I asked to speak to the owner, and was told he's out of town. The pizza is at best. I have zero tolerance for businesses such as this. PLEASE spend your money somewhere else that deserves to be patronized. [SEP]
4	place to grab a cup of coffee and a morning pastry. Not sure about their lunch or hour but really the layout of this place. I tried their chorizo breakfast burrito too and it was very tasty albeit a bit in my opinion. Check this place out if you're in the area for breakfast. [SEP]
4	Very good, Chinese food. Lots of specials including beer. The only was that one of the servers had her two kids there who were making and literally crawling on the patrons' tables. If this is a regular occurrence, get the food to go. [SEP]
4	I visited my cousin Tempe earlier this month. Since she is not an early bird and rarely ever wakes up in time for brunch, much less breakfast, I relied on old yelp to pick a breakfast place! Thanks yelp!Harlow's Cafe was awesome! My cousin ordered a simple eggs, toast, and cottage cheese, Jeff got the eggs maximilian with chorizo, and I got the biscuits and sausage gravy with a side of fruit. Everything was HUUGE. Coffee and water were always filled. My biscuits were and fluffy, and the sausage gravy was delicious! Jeff his eggs maximilian, which was gigantic. The eggs, tortilla, hash browns, salsa, chorizo, cream mixed together wonderfully. My cousin's eggs, toast, and cottage cheese were fine, very standard. The vibe was diner-ish with posters of movie stars, cowboys, etc. I got my cousin to wake up for brunch! [SEP]
5	By far the taco shop in the valley. Their rolled tacos are delicious. I've had them dozens of time and they never disappoint. The restaurant is older and what you'd expect of a normal taco shop, but it is very and the staff is always very friendly. They also have the red sauce I've tasted yet. Yuuuuuuum. [SEP]
5	I am impressed! I finally got a chance to check out the MIM yesterday and I was really by the extensive collection. I knew going in to expect items from all over the world, but there are literally instruments and related objects from every country. We spent between two and two and a half hours but it still wasn't time to really take in everything.I that the audio/video guide was included in the $15 admission price. Most museums I have been to charge an additional fee. This was unlike any guide I have experienced before. No numbers to in, just walk by any of the exhibits with your headset on and when you stop at each video screen, the audio automatically starts up! Very cool, and I watching all the videos to learn more about all the instruments. When I walked up to the flamenco part of the Spain exhibit I recognized the video playing as I have actually been in the flamenco club in Madrid where it was filmed so I thought that was neat.I really all of the exhibits especially seeing the guts of the Steinway piano and how Martin guitars are made. It's not something I had thought about much before but now I know so much! I think the MIM is a fab place to take kids (and adults!) to learn and to get them about music. Definitely check it out it you haven't yet.Edited to add: If you are a Bank of America card holder, you can get into the MIM for the first full weekend of each month in 2011. [SEP]
5	I really this place... Taking the advice of Yelp we stopped in on our way through downtown. We were immediately greeted as we walked in. I told the staff it was our first time in and asked which sandwich was the best. Following the I ordered the Crackerjack, pepper turkey and melted pepper jack cheese with lettuce, tomato, onion and Russian dressing. We also ordered the Godfather, cappicola, salami, pepperoni and melted mozzarella on garlic toasted bread. Let's take a moment and show the bread some much deserved love. It tastes with a chewy center and exterior covered in sesame seeds. You could put a shoe on this bread and it would taste great. I really the Crackerjack. The Godfather was for a few bites, but too for me. I can't wait to come back... choice for lunch downtown for a very price. Unless you are completely starving, share a sandwich! [SEP]
4	Alice Cooperstown is owned by rocker Alice Cooper and is a unique sports bar in downtown Phoenix. Cooperstown was also featured on Man vs. Food.The most unique item and the biggest draw on the menu is the Big Unit dog. This is by far the biggest dog that I've ever seen and the reason that I went to Cooperstown.The Big Unit is a 1 pound, 22 inch long Vienna dog, on a baguette roll. You can choose any combination of 9 toppings for the Unit. I went with cheese sauce, jalapenos, bacon, and tomato. The dog had a taste to it and the bread was fresh. I the cheese sauce and bacon, but would probably go without the jalapenos next time. Surprisingly I was able to finish the entire dog, but had to really force the last four or five bites down. I've never felt fuller in my life.Unique restaurant and menu along with food gives Cooperstown 4 stars. [SEP]
3	The bf and I wanted to try someplace different on our venture out to North Scottsdale so we decided to give Coal Burger a try. The menu is small, which isnt or bad. I had the green chile burger and my bf had the bacon blue burger and we shared a side order of mixed fries. The burgers were not but not great. The flavors were mixed together but the burger itself was just blah! The fries were ok as well, nothing special.I would go back to give them another try. They have sodas on tap that are natural. The shakes look so will try those the next time I am in the area. [SEP]
4	This is an place about an hour and a half south east of Phoenix. Although they are making their own wine yet they have some private label wines and a selection of other wines and beers available.The staff is and the ambience is very cool. You can a day here just hanging out and it! [SEP]
3	Food was tasty. I ordered the veggie combo, and was a little that it didn't come with more of a of things, especially for $12. BUT what it did come with was good. [SEP]
3	Not quite sex on a platter but food, yummy beer and music go a long way! [SEP]
4	I don't know what it is about Tempe Sales, but how can you not them? it is primarily a fabric store, and they may or may not have all kinds of other random stuff, carved wooden chairs, stone tabletops, bamboo flooring (sadly no longer in stock), slate tiles, and so on.However, I would say that it's not merely the random selection of home decorating supplies and upholstery tools/materials that makes Tempe Sales great. It's the family-run vibe that you get from them. On one trip, to pick up several cases of flooring material, I had to go with the owner Alan to his warehouse down the street. In light of buying as much as I did and pull it from the warehouse, he threw in plenty of sublayment material for (otherwise on closeout). The staff (many of whom are part of the family) have also me reupholster furniture and on plenty of other jobs. There is no in being an amateur at Tempe Sales, even though it is primarily geared toward professionals.If you're in the market for fabric, please do yourself a and check it out. I bet that you will return soon thereafter just to browse around some more. The only that come to mind also make the experience more -- stock levels are not always and parts of the store have historically been (much now than in the past), but my experience may be skewed since I gravitate toward closeout deals. [SEP]
1	Pros: -No breed restrictions on dogs-Washer and dryer in unitCons: -Awful and leasing staff. Forms will be missing or prepared incorrectly.-Rude and maintenance (be prepared to supply your own tools half of the time)-Trash divers daily that no one does anything about-No on-site security (you can call after 9 pm for a courtesy patrol but it takes them hours to arrive) and the front gate is NEVER closed-Vandalized cars -A (this was the location of the man who set his pregnant girl friend on fire)-The main pool is maintained and clean. The 3 other pools are small, dirty, and frequently closed. -Bug infestations in most apartments-Dogs kept on patios 24/7 (a of the lease) so their barking can be heard by all-The basketball court and tennis courts are never available, as they are constantly used by kids to bike ride on with the of the apartment staff-Tons of potholes! Driving through the parking lot requires shocks and there is minimal guest parking-The apartments have less insulation than a cardboard box. in the winter, sweltering in the summer. Nothing is fitted to it's frame, either. If you can a place, I highly reccommend it. [SEP]
4	place for drinks! Everybody knows each other and you can becom part of the Playa family quick :)Sharen ( the owner ) is very and and she will remember your name and what you drink after one visit.Great place to watch games ! [SEP]
5	noodles in Phoenix. This place is hands down the chinese food in Phoenix. PF Changes has nothing on these guys, they are fast, and food is hot. Its also for leftovers too. [SEP]
3	Simple, and within walking distance from my place. I went biking this evening and had the sudden urge to get Chinese food.I ordered something to go and got a vegetarian dish with tofu. From what I've observed, the place is simple and clean. Now as far as my dish goes; I thought it was good, but needed more flavor. (which is a thing)It gave me a reason to infuse my dish with Bragg's Liquid Amino which is healthier than other seasonings. My only is the edename in the vegetarian dish. Why do they have to include the shell? I don't unwrapping them with my teeth! ;-P | | / | / . .~^(,&|/o. Pass the soy sauce please! | `---------- | \ / `=======' [SEP]
1	Have been in twice since my last review. Its a a COMPLETELY new atmosphere!! And to say this is not in a way. Service was and I was emberassed that I actually brought some new people with me to try it out. Just went for this saturdays last ufc fight! They were natzi's with the seating you have to have 75% of your party with you to get a seat even though my boys were parking and in the parking lot they gave our table away so after getting the tenth degree abou there seating rules we were finally sat all had to sit speraticly through out the bar. We should've just turned around then but decided to stay... then on of that we were sat next to some beligerent people and flirting with there server (wich you could tell made her uncomfotable) that table were continuosly getting over served beers. Since there was not one mgr in sight the little time we were one of my boys stepped in and there was almost a fight then and there.. putting that aside our service was some dude was our server and we went without seeing him for 30 min and not so beers. At that point after one round of drinks we decided not to order food and the table next to us was gripeing about there food so that was another sign to get the F out of there so we paid (once the server got back) then bolted. I wasn't going to yelp anything BUT I just received my checking statement and the dude added 5 to his 3 dollar tip. I gave the guy 3 on $12 he was to have even gotten that. I'm going to find out the guys name and go to upper mgmt because this is not the first time i've heard of this happening there. With that said.. I WILL NEVER BE BACK HERE AGAIN! This place has gone down hill!! . DO NOT YOUR MONEY HERE !! Very [SEP]
4	I must admit, I'm more of a Wal-Mart Neighborhood Market guy (due to the economy), but I had a time shopping at AJ's. Every single item on the shelves is of the highest quality. For Valentines day, because I'm so at picking out girly gifts, I let my girlfriend go on a shopping spree at the chocolate counter (among other things)...I'd go back once in a while, but did at the checkout counter when I forked over $125 for three bags of crap...I guess it's back to mayonnaise sandwiches at Neighborhood Market. [SEP]
2	2 stars because I really did the eye doctor I saw, she was awsome. Thought I was off to a start getting new glasses. I picked out my frames while I waited to be taken care of. Oh...wait...the eye glass gods had something else in store for me. The person me couldn't get an authorization code from my insurance company because it was afterhours. He actually told me I had to pay full price or come back tomorrow. Now keep in mind that I have had this insurance forever, never had any before; after hours, weekends, etc. So I used my cell and called the insurance company. I get someone on the phone who is trying to help us. I put eyemaster guy on the phone and he actually got into a fight with the woman on the phone, handed it back to me and said here you talk to her, I'm done. So the lady got me the authorization code and a explaination that this doesn't happen because most eye glass providers can take care of everything in of the insurance company being closed and she also asked me if I was sure I shouldn't switch eyemaster locations due to this guys behavior. But I thought I was done. I have my glasses picked out and I needed them to drive. So while she was talking to me the guy at eyemasters was throwing out that the lady could hear. So I 1/2 hour of my time and think the is overWell...those darn eye glass gods...I can't get them in an hour because it was too late in the day the guy tells me. He has the lens and it was only 6:00 pm, come back tomorrow. So I called today and was told 1/2 hour and they will be ready. I drive over there on my lunch hour and guess what. They aren't even close to being ready. So I walk around the mall, come back and guess what, only 1 pair is ready. That would normally be ok but the attitude of the two guys working is and not very customer friendly. I laugh it off and leave. So what are the odds I'll get my glasses after today??? One can only wonder. service, unprofessional and to experience. [SEP]
5	Hands down the middle eastern restaurant in the Tempe area. You can't beat the prices, everything is always (we go here about once a week).Favorites: Hummus and Gyro Delux!Don't forget to grab some baklava too, this is the i've ever had (and that includes having some while in the middle east) [SEP]
4	I can't speak for the Vet portion, dog training or any other service, except the grooming dept.I take my dog in there during the Winter to get groomed, shampooed and nails clipped, because sometimes its too out to dry him off. The girls in the Grooming dept. are very and accomodating. They treat my dog well, and always have compliments about him. TThey also do an job and his nails are always done right. I've taken him elsewhere ONCE and they trimmed his nails down so much, that it him to jump. I thought he had an arthritic condition, when I realized that he had his nails done, and sure enough, he bounced back a week later.These girls know what they're doing, and a couple of them have been there for a few years, as I recognize at least one or 2 of them every time I go in. Even to shop.Thanks ladies! [SEP]
5	Primp and at the Waterfront is divine! I walked out feeling a Model without spending a fortune! Stylists. atmosphere. Tunes and an overall VIBE! Parking and centrally located near Fashion Square and Olive and Ivy. it! [SEP]
3	My biggest tip for newbies to YC's, look toward the grill and look up. There you will find a little menu of sauce formulas. Unfortunately, I never looked up. As a result, I didn't have sauce. In my case, that was a thing because the sauce I did have tasted crap, so more of the same would have been even crappier.As for the ingredients, lots of choices with veggies. I have to say the meat looked unappetizing to me. In fact, I had to ask my husband what the it was. I guess it's a thing you don't see piles of freshly sliced meat, else it might not be so after all. But in its to minus 500 degrees F state, I found I opted for more veggies.Two sizes available. I went with the large, crammed my bowl full until it resembled a small mountain, and then over half of it. So get the small unless you want leftovers or you haven't eaten in several days. [SEP]
4	of the Mill Ave location...we finally made it out to the original (I think this was the original, anyways). Overall, darn good. The food is on par with the tempe location. The pastas were - I really the Boa Bowtie pasta. Wines were and complimented the meal nicely.As with the Tempe location, the part for us is always the Shrimp Adriatica appetizer. We could just eat a big bowl of that with bread. The sauce is amazing, the shrimp is cooked. The only was that it was just regular french bread (or similar) - the tempe location has the fancier, tastier varieties of baked bread. But the quality of shrimp and sauce was the same. Service was at first (we went late on a Sat night as they were slowing down), but was friendly, made and were very overall. By the end of the meal, I had forgotten about the start. Think we just walked in at an time, which as I said, they really made up for by the end of the meal. Also, the butter cake was decadent. Maybe not as as Mastro's butter cake, but it's on the way there. Really tasty, very fresh. I could have used some whipped cream or a little vanilla ice cream to go with it, but that's a personal thing. On a side note - the Zinfandel they are currently offering (think it was $6-7/glass) is fantastic. I was at the quality compared to the price. We'll definitely be back. [SEP]
3	This Mimi's is near the Reach11 where we were attending a tournament. So, afterwards, we came here.The short version is that this is just the Mimi's in Chandler. The food is fine. Not great, but fine. The service was OK too. Everyone their food (I had the chicken pot pie). None of it really me as French, which is Mimi's motif, but it was good. In fact, the kid had chicken picatta, which is Italian. Not French. They do have quiche, so maybe that's to claim to be a French-like bistro??? (Not in my book, honestly.)Anyway, I'd call this place average. Really, I should give it 2.5 stars, but that's not an option with Yelp. An OK place to stop if you're in the area and looking for food. You could do much worse. [SEP]
5	My sister and I went here the other week and got gel manicures! They turned out and lasted forever! Ithink Biagio is now my go to nail salon! Keep it up! [SEP]
1	If you are over 24 you are too old to be here. First, this place has beer. Don't order mixed drinks, don't order wine, both are unless your sole purpose is to get trashed, which is the mission of every underage and young, young 20-something at this bar.This is the place you'd go to with your ID because when you're 19 this is what you think a bar should be.Expect people over drinking and throwing up very early on in the evening in the bathroom. [SEP]
1	I had high hopes for this place, and it is really too because I to the Phoenix area restaurants, especially a Caribbean one and I had already been to the adjoining Rum Bar and the drinks, but the food was bad. It was not only bad, but by all means avoid the daily market catch. It was not at all! Very over priced! For nearly $25 for a simple white fish they could have at least taken the bones out of the thing. It tasted it had been sitting around all day (or two) in its own juices, and when I let the waiter/bartender know he just ignored it and then ignored us until we left. I will never be back for the food. The Rum flights are a trip there, but that is it. [SEP]
3	I really wanted to in with this place, I mean, a British themed pub in Heritage Square? So promising. As you walk in, the bartender is standing behind in an elaborate wooden bar structure. This made me think publican instead of bartender (as in Mate, I'll take a pint and d'ya have any rooms available?), which is probably the idea. As there was selection of draught beers, we walked around to the bar to the and ordered a couple of pints. I ordered a Boddingtons, my friend ordered a Stateside micro brew. (Would have been if they had Old on tap, but you can't have everything.) Due to the combination of things cooking in the kitchen, it a bit my grandma's house. This prompted us to make a beeline for the patio decorated with super-heavy wood furniture. I assume this is to thieves from selling their tables and chairs on the black market. Smart. The piped-in music selection that night was a bit off-putting, in fact, one of the other patrons commented on it as well. It appeared to be a satellite radio station that specialized in 80s hits Wham! and Depeche Mode. I guess George Michael and David Gahan ARE British. Indeed! Wikipedia just informed me that Dave Gahan (born May 9, 1962 in Epping, Essex, England) is the baritone singer for the English electronic band Depeche Mode, and is also an solo artist. Now I feel better. There are many nooks in this place, so that would be a thing if you wanted to have some one-on-one time. They were also playing football (soccer) on the flat screens, so should make some team scarf-wearing Brit ex-pats in the Valley very happy.Will I be back to try the food? Probably at some point. But, for another round of drinks, I think I'll wait for a Friday or Saturday night when it's hopping. [SEP]
2	Gary Betz, DDS with Southwest Dental Group in Phoenix (Ahwatukee)Dr. Betz was nice, but the office...well it seemed to be the unfriendliest, coldest dental office I've ever been to (out of 6-7 in my lifetime). I used to that dentists' offices were too full of perky, chatty, overly clones, but now I those offices. I saw nary a or greeting - businesslike efficiency seems to be the norm here. Dr. Betz was and smiled, however. No about him, other than my feeling that everything was rushed. We didn't go over my history or much of anything, but we'll see if the next visit is better. Postscript: After getting home from this appt. and reading the horror stories on various review sites relating to ALL Southwest Dental offices, I changed my designated dentist and went to Foothills instead. Please see my review of Foothills on Ray Rd. [SEP]
5	Hnnngffff their signature spinach pizzaIt's the only thing I've ever ordered thereAnd it alone warrants 5 stars. [SEP]
3	If I could there would be two reviews here. The golf course its self would be an 4 star based on price and condition. Customer service would be a 1 star. Don't trying to be with the pro shop staff, these folks are just going to through the motions of taking your money and doing the least possible to get their paycheck. But since the golf is such a value and people will continue to flock to this place in droves I don't see them needing to hire people with personalities any time in the near future. The front 9 cart girl is as is the lady working the snack shack on the back. Another thing that didn't me was being a walk on, renting a cart and being told that they already had 2 carts in that group. I am used to being able to have my own cart instead of riding with a person I don' t know and being to their cart skills or there of. Turned out okay but just me as odd. I will continue to go back for the value but I to behavior. [SEP]
4	This GB is one of our places to stop for snack and seasonal beer. We try for Sundays to do our shopping in the area and stop here....because it is Hour in the bar area all day long. specials on their beers, wine and appetizers. We have tried several of their appetizers, but you can't beat their garlic fries here!! YUM-O!Anyhow, the service here is always great. The hostess, bartenders and waitress are always and to take your order. It is especially when the weather is then they open up the patio/bar area. place to watch games...plenty of TV's. I frequent the Mill Ave. location, because I in the area and it does not compare to the San Tan GB. [SEP]
5	This place is fantastic. food, service, decor... I had a Breakfast Casserole and a side of Grits. My girlfriend had the Blue Plate Special which was a frittata. The Breakfast Casserole is a medley of sausage, roasted vegetables, and potatoes with cheese, topped with a poached egg. There were no or flavors, and I didn't see any extra oil in the dish. It came with a side of toast. I chose the marble rye and was only to see that the butter it came with was a stick. The grits were definetly made with milk and butter and had some cheddar cheese sprinkled across the top. The grits were more than watery which was a big plus for me, as I my grits closer to the drier end of the spectrum. After breakfast I ordered a mary at the bar inside and it was spicy and delish, a really balance of tomato to booze. I it a lot. What I the most, though, was the really service and attention we got from our server, the hostess, the bartender, the bar manager, the valet drivers, and even being greeted by the concierge and check-in when we weren't even staying at the hotel. I will definetly make it a point to come here again. [SEP]
4	Yoli's has recently been popping up on Yelp's 'Best Of' front page. Many people are mouthing out and as the food that I am, I needed to go out and try it for myself.My previous research told me that there were many 5 stars and 3 stars reviews regarding the ambiance, service and food. It seemed that the place had be 5-stars for a while but trending analysis showed a in the late 2011- early 2012. Alright nerd talk- it was a Saturday morning, I was starving and I needed a place to have brunch with my lady friend in town.When it comes to brunch at Yoli's, you really need to leave all your expectations at the door. The neighborhood its in is a little sub-par, the parking situation isn't and the interior and patio decor resembles a home that stopped paying for landscaping services a long time ago. The tables outside are all basic basic plastic, they are not (or leveled) and the seating is limited. If you are coming to Yoli's, you are coming here for the food and nothing else, this ain't no brunch at the Four Seasons.Their menus are breakfast/brunch related but at a 2-sided page list, their breakfast choices do have a large of flavors and prices. The food is on the stealthier side with skillet dishes, omelets and diner-style potato sides. My friend and I ordered their most dish, the El Monte- Hawaiian french toast sandwich filled with egg whites, turkey, bacon and cheese with a 'spicy orange marmalade'. At about $7, the sandwich was large and filled me up easily after just half of it. The french toast itself was and spongy and the bacon had some crisp, but the turkey was very thinly-sliced deli meat so it didn't have a lot of flavor and the spicy marmalade was tasty but not spicy at all.The service was a tad but the lady was very very and to us, she just didn't stop by very often so we had to wait around for our drinks and our check for quite a while. Overall I wasn't blown away with Yoli's but I would as a place with portions and prices. As of now, a 3.75 stars on my book.I am a big of local restaurants and I seeing a family-owned business thrive. With a little bit more decor, service and a environment this place can return to be the that people used to talk about. Yoli, if you are reading this- I hope you take this advice, we all want to see you so we hope you can get back on that horse and the out of us. Luck!! [SEP]
4	Been going to Bailey's for the last six months. It's an older crowd during the day, but at night and on the weekends the crowd id much younger!Bartenders are all and the drinks are cheap, though they could be stronger.I highly it! [SEP]
5	This is a brand new delicatessen who's opening was September 24th 2008. Since I don't have a kitchen in my place, this re-heat one-stop shop near my neighborhood will be a place I plan to frequent via walking. They have a cook book lounge and the deli layout is to just paroose. Their chocolate chip cookies taste home made. So to still feel you have some input in the cooking preparation process when you live with just a microwave. [SEP]
1	Cheap! Cheap! Beware! If you order Chicken McNuggets from this McDonald's they will charge you 10 cents for each sauce packet over the alloted quantity. Either go to another McDonald's where they don't charge, go to another restaurant that values your business and NOT nickel and dime you to or don't eat! [SEP]
4	So, I've been trying to check this place out for awhile. I b-fast, almost as much as staying up late and sleeping in, so it did take me awhile to check it out before they closed at two (my average wake up time). In fact I arrived at two, which having been a server, I know sucks. Our server Marci was and welcomed us in anyway, without even one look of contempt, which I know is what I would have delivered had I been serving a table at closing time. The food was delicious, and it being a it day, ordered bacon wholeheartedly. It was the most delicious, thick cut bacon I've had. And the rest of the meal was and priced. Next time I'm awake early (or up late) I'll be back. [SEP]
2	the of homemade turkey and roast beef drew me in, much to my it's shredded. As Ramsey would say 'like a dog's dinner!'. I got the bobby with roast beef, so i could taste both. The bread was good, the stuffing was cold. The meat was chokingly dry. Dry dry. Sawdust tasting. I'm sure the other non shredded meats are on that bread, this might as had just been the stuffing and cranberries on the bread. Plus, the manager was bragging about how he just stands around and does nothing but micro manage. Donkeys! Lol. Make that guy the bathrooms! [SEP]
1	Until they get their quality under control, we won't eat here except for lunch. We ate here last weekend and both had the roasted chicken. The was it tasted it was basted in cinnamon and the sauce for the risotto had at least 10 whole peppercorns on each of our plates. I actually bit into to one before I realized that the sauce was just crawling with them. They could've them out, processed them in, whatever, just don't serve me a plate with a bunch of whole peppercorns. This tasted NOTHING the previous visit when I ordered the same exact dish. When we finally let the management know that our food was unacceptable, he said the he could do was a 20% discount. Well. we weren't looking for a or discounted meal, but rather some acknowledgement that they actually cared about the food. That never happened. Unless something changes, the burgers are and that is about it. [SEP]
5	i this place.I have been a regular here for years. Eating at oregano's after a long work/school week is really something to look forward to.The food is great. Its priced, the portions are huge, and the drinks are tall. don't expect anything culinary creations here, its just not part of the restaurant's culture. The food is simple and everything is tasty. I usually go with the Sausage Sandwich, or one of the pasta dishes with whole grain pasta, and one of their giant meat balls. Its always filling, always good.Sure the wait is long, but they always have pizza, drinks, and deserts while you are waiting. Service is always great. Friendly, prompt, and they don't you when you don't need them. All of the servers are always to play along with my friends and our conversations, challenges, etc. [SEP]
5	My boyfriends company has been doing business with this PostNet store for the last 4 years. Service is friendly, and helpful.I highly it. [SEP]
4	Experienced hour for the first time. food and drink for prices. Only the bar tender. It was a pasted on smile. I will return and take people with me. [SEP]
2	Meh.Maybe it was just that we decided to dine in 10 minutes prior to closing, but I was definitely not impressed. I had not been here in ages. Probably 10 years, maybe 15. No exaggeration. I remember nothing but things about Mile. I remember being to come eat here. So one night while shopping at Arrowhead with a friend, I got a sudden craving for a pastrami sandwich with coleslaw and Thousand Island dressing. I was very to walk in and find that it was on the menu! I didn't have to special order it!It was a size sandwich. Big that when cut in half, you still have to use both hands. I took my first bite and was immediately disappointed. Not that it was bad. It's just that I had memories of this place and I was really expecting something near the level of of the #19 at Langer's in Downtown L.A.....or at the least Gandolfo's in Tempe. Nope. It was nowhere near as as either restaurant. It was just okay. The bread had a slight it was day old bread. The meat was chewy and flavor. The coleslaw was really and had the crunch. The flavor of the coleslaw was not strong, but still masked the flavor of the pastrami. I will stick with Jason's or Heidi's next time I have a hankerin' for another deli style sandwich. [SEP]
5	Plaza. Very located. store. staff. All you could want [SEP]
5	place - ambiance, decor, tasty food and service!We were going to check out the Spotted Donkey, but finding it out of business, we noticed Grassroots across the parking lot and decided to check it out. My daughter got the brisket sandwich (she let me try a bite - combination of BBQ sauce, slaw and pickles - but she picked out the pickles and slaw!) The fries were quite as well. I tried the short ribs - asian fusion sauce with asparagus and jalapeño grits...I've never been a fan of grits, but these were tasty! The ribs were very nice...the sauce reminded me of something my Mom used to make (but I can't quite put my finger on what it was, but it was familiar). A browned with toffee flakes and gelato on capped off a very dinner. (And you've gotta a place that has the Gadsden flag as part of it's decor). Definitely will be coming back! (and my apologies to our and server for not having been more demonstrative of my appreciation for the food...it was quite good, I just wasn't in a 'dang that's good!' mood last night) Check this place out!! [SEP]
4	food, price and a southwestern atmosphere. The food is decidedly than the decor, but then again I've never been big on the southwestern look. Something about Antlers above my head while I'm trying to have a night out with the lady just doesn't cut it for me. I (like most everyone else) the big ass burger. You can't go with their side of mac and cheese either and I giving it a go regardless of how much you fill yourself with all their other entrees. [SEP]
5	I on a local event called Ignite Phoenix, and somewhere in the mix we contacted Splinter about us with the design and material for our event. We were completely new to this game and didn't really know what branding and imagery could do for us. They stepped in, gave us some ideas, us them, and delivered some material that everyone who attended.So we asked them to stick with us for our next event, and they did it again. They keep upping the game, and I now with them across several different business that I on. They've me through several areas, and the end result is always sharp, professional, interesting, and engaging. I to with people who are about what they do, and do it well. Splinter fits that bill perfectly. Highly recommended. [SEP]
5	I don't have much time to write this, but I do want to say a few things. I had four things so far here. My friend and I both them immensely. I paid $16 + tip. I had the [A1 - Cha Gio - crispy egg rolls ] & [A2 - Goi Cuon Thit Tom - spring rolls] to start.Oh man was this delicious. The first thing I when I walked in was the ambiance. lit and let the sun do the lighting - very zen - if you're into that. I felt very here.They had four sauces on the table. I have no idea what they are, but the one with red pepper flakes and oil -- the one -- oh wow. If you heat added to whatever you're doing -- -- this stuff is for you! I it. Then I went with the Pho tai - sirloin soup. [P2* - Pho tai] - - broth was amazing. Everything was. For me, food means I need a few things. First - foodSecond - ambianceThird - presentationThey had it all. I was very by place to the plates. Don't change a thing. I hope your business is very prosperous! [SEP]
5	The Valley Beer Drinkers Meetup Group has been coming here for months - since before the name change - on occasional Wednesdays for $3 craft pints & the wings special. We've always had a experience, and the extensive, rotating brew selection keeps the venue fresh.I've been urging the owner to add at least ONE Pilsner to the IPA-heavy menu, and last night he delivered with a quintessential model: Munchener Spaten Pils! It was great.Adding to the experience was the food. Portions were and satisfying!. One member ordered the Fish & Onion Rings, and when it arrived, two others immediately ordered their own! I can't remember fish (pollack here) or more onion rings! Homemade potato chips were remarkable, and the fry cook definitely knows the craft! Diners have many options for sides w/ entrees, which is a touch. Only the cole slaw was a bit bland. Service was & generally good, but not later in the meal. Thanks for separate checks, too.I really look forward to returning for brews and to further explore the menu! [SEP]
1	Do not get your oil changed at this walmart or any walmart. We got a oil change and they our oil and now it and they are not taking responsibility for the they caused. I have only had my oil changed for the last year here and they are trying to put it off on someone else, when no one else has done our oil. The insurance for walmart wont even look at my vehicle and had already decided they are not at fault. I had a 3rd party appraiser look at it and they can only determine it was from an oil change. I have no other option but to take this to a lawyer. [SEP]
4	This is a POOL party club in Scottsdale next to everyone's favorite, American Junkie. I have never eaten here, other than a dessert that I don't remember. ;) It can also be a place for after dinner drinks or dance. The ambiance of relaxing and drinking next to a pool always brings about a time. The music is and the bartenders are nice. Their bathrooms are and pretty. Spanish Fly rages during the daytime summer weekends, and is a place to out when you still want to the outdoors and it's blazing outside. I will be going back - to have you in Scottsdale, Spanish Fly. [SEP]
4	I can't believe I didn't write a review of Metro after my first visit but I got a second chance last Saturday night with Dottsy Z, Andrea K and company. We had a reservation for 8PM for 4 of us, and at 730PM Andrea asked us to add 2 guests and when Dottsy called Metro they said of course, but please be advised you may have a little wait for the larger table. Which me to the only point of the evening:We had to wait ONE AND A HALF HOURS for our larger table. We had all expected and accepted a 30 minute wait. After about 40 we went to the bar to get some wine and oysters (otter creeks = yummmm). After an hour had passed and no one had come to address the situation with our group, I approached the hostess and she was very apologetic and offered to comp our bar tab, which was nice. When we were finally seated our server was and and had blue eyes. Hello! We were all starving and got to the point with our orders: I started with the cucumber soup and no amount of yums or mmmmms can fully describe the that was set before me. A soup, this is made with cucumbers, buttermilk, dill and olive oil, with chunks of lump crabmeat and a dollop of caviar thrown on top, because why the not?! Also, the soup came in a really large bowl and I was full by the time I finished it. I did soldier on to my main course which was the Moules Frites which is what I had the first time I came here and is a truly inspired dish with juicy mussels, and a broth with thyme, garlic and perhaps a little white wine. Then to add to they serve the huge casoulet with a hearty portion of herbed french fries that were the crispness and didn't leave oil on my hands. I had to leave some of those friends behind, but only because it was time for dessert! I chose pot de creme which is normally topped with brioche. I requested a brioche-free pot and it was no problem. I was served a tiny ramekin of creamy custard topped with a sort of peanut butter syrup/creme and three slices of caramelized banana. It was really yummy though within 10 minutes my heart was racing from all the sugar. I will point out that this dinner took 2 full hours (we left at 11:30PM) making this the longest I ever spent in a restaurant (3.5 hours are you kidding me?) which is why I ultimately docked one star. Based on food alone Metro Brasserie deserves 10 stars. [SEP]
3	My wife and I stopped by last weekend to watch football and sample a couple of their brews. The food was could be some of the french fries I've ever had. The beer was good. Noticed almost everyone drinking the house beers so it was to see that kind of for an established micro brew. There was a large crowd for football many folks wearing jerseys and everyone really getting into their game. If your looking for an place to watch football and grab a bite this would be a place to consider.UPDATED 04/05/2012 lowered to 3 stars.I have been here a couple times since my first review and it really is just an average place. The fries are the highlight. The place is small, and your AVERAGE pub or brewery. [SEP]
4	earning gas [SEP]
5	The democratic party of Arizona consists of a group of people. I visited their office several years ago with some questions and they were quite helpful. [SEP]
1	It was my Birthday and my wife, her mom, a dear friend and I headed to Fleming's Steakhouse in Chandler, AZ. We heard only things about this place and wanted to experience their 'unforgettable' steak dishes. That, we did, unfortunately. The restaurant was dim-lit, atmosphere for an steak place. We were seated immediately and tended to by the waiting staff. The small roll of bread and two kinds of butter were but for four hungry souls and we it up away. No one offered to bring more. Our waiter told us about the daily specials, after which we ordered food and wine. After a short wait, four large dinner plates arrived. I was the one, my steak (a large rib eye steak, ordered medium-rare which tasted very despite two large blobs of fat) was sitting in the middle of the large dinner plate. Nothing else on my plate, just the steak. I looked around at my wife's plate and couldn't believe, her fillet mignon was laying there, in the middle of the large dinner plate without anything garnishing it, be that a glaze, a leaf, a slice of whatever! At the prices asked by this restaurant, it felt an to each of us to have such a presentation of a steak!! We asked our waiter for a side dish, potatoes with Parmesan, and when they arrived, we couldn't believe it! There were no more than two scraggly potatoes turned into potatoes, or about a tablespoon of potatoes per person. Mind you, they tasted good, but at over $9.00 per side dish? In short, we left hungry and wondering why we spent over $200 for the entire meal.Next time, we'll go to a tried place for steaks and more. Durant's, downtown Phoenix and the drive. [SEP]
3	I didn't try any food hear but this place seems it has a personality. Tons of tvs showing sports so sports bar. At the same time there's a dj blasting club music. There weren't that many people dancing. We went here because the place next door had a huge line. One plus is that theres a second bar near the patio that we by. This place to me was...meh. [SEP]
4	I only recently discovered that I do not Thai, having never tried it, so this place was up my alley. It's literally 1 mile away from our home and has a extensive menu. The atmosphere is nothing to write home about, but if you're a fan of pastels and the early 90s, you'll it here. You may even want to move in. Our service was a little slow, but the of our servers (yes, multiple) made me feel ok about waiting a little bit for a third beer. Overall, I'd say this gets a thumbs up from me and my other half. [SEP]
4	I ate here on a Sunday afternoon and was by the food quality, very service, and speed of service. On the strength of other Yelps, I had the gravlux with dill potatoes and tomato basil salad. All as others have said. I had broccoli and cole slaw as my other sides. The broccoli was without being overcooked and the slaw was a vinegar-based, not creamy, that the rest of the food nicely. The food filled the plate without being and I found room for one of the Beaver cookies, actually two large waffle-wafer cookies with a lightly flavored cream between them. The cookies are kept in a chilled pastry case, probably because of the cream filling. A meal on a summer day. [SEP]
4	We upon this little place in a strip mall by accident, but it ended up being a very accident. Yes, it is true that the decor will not be gracing the pages of fashion magazines anytime soon, but this is a clean, no-frills kind of place. There is also no point in coming here if you are pressed for time, because it is not food by any stretch of the imagination. Most importantly, the food is good. Really good. The menus must have changed since other reviewers visited, because there was no Arabic on the menu. Everything is in English. I had the falafel plate and my companion had the lamb shank and rice. Both meals came with a lentil soup that I have had at Fattoush many times- but this one was so much better. The falafel plate came with falafel of course, a salad, pita that looked homemade, and some of the tastiest hummus i've ever had. It was a huge amount of food, but it was so that I was compelled to order an extra side of hummus to go with the leftovers. The lamb was apparently very tasty also- i'm not much of a lamb fan, so I didn't try it. The accompanying rice was very tasty though- very with many different flavors, but none of them were overwhelming. At 7.99 for the falafel and 9.99 for the lamb plate, the prices are more than reasonable, especially when you consider that each entree can easily end up being two meals. I admit that I am partial to Middle-Eastern food and rarely meet a falafel that I dislike, but this was definitely one of the examples of the cuisine in the metro Phoenix area. I will definitely be back, and maybe next time i'll try the chicken. [SEP]
1	experience here. They cut up my foot when trying to remove a callus. Also, they told me they used shellac when it was really gelish. Wish I could recommend, but I wouldn't want anyone else to go through the same experience. [SEP]
4	Hipster hangout you can the kids along and not feel about it.The place is setup a house and the first time you go it is for sure confusing. Do I sit down or go to the counter or bar or what.. Its kind of a for all. I have been a few times and still feel a little when I walk in. The chocolate is and the egg sandwich tasty. The mac and cheese for evening is also really good. The service is ok, but not overly or friendly.The place is with kids too for school, businessmen, and families... so a spot to hit up if you are in downtown phx [SEP]
4	I usually throw away those value pack coupon envelopes you get in the mail, but decided to look at them this time & see if I'd use any. I pulled out ones for the dry cleaners, zoo, a burger/hot dog joint & Red Devil. Most of them were for dine in only but a couple were for delivery as well, so I used the one that was for a 16 cheese (toppings were an additional $1.25 each) & 20 wings for $21.95. I had looked at their website before ordering & the combo (pepperoni, sausage, onions, mushrooms & green peppers-but we skipped the onions) sounded delish so we got that with the NY mild wings. They don't have their desserts listed on their website so I asked the guy who placed our order & decided on the cannolis (1 for me, 1 for hubs). He said it would be a lil over an hour & to my surprise it arrived in 45 minutes.The pizza was good, not Mamma Mia's good, but good! The wings were bomb; crispy, the amount of sauce & they amazing! The cannolis were but we didn't really their style. Instead of chocolate chips inside with the filling, the entire cannoli was dipped in chocolate. Total with coupon, $3 delivery fee & tip was $47. Not at all considering we will each be getting 2 or more meals out of it. We're & would definitely order from them again...maybe even dine in eventually! [SEP]
2	I've never had Thai food before so I suppose I have nothing to compare it to, but this restaurant didn't serve very tasty food. Maybe it was just what I ordered. I don't know. Plus it had a smell. It wasn't but I'm not going back. [SEP]
4	Make sure to explain to your friends that it's not a chili place. Every time I invite someone to check this out they assume its some spoon that serves cowboy beans. It's actually a semi-formal restaurant and......the food is and intelligent.I've been here for all three meals. The brunch is but the dinner is what really sings.If you mushrooms, get off here and get your tail to Cowboy Ciao. The Mushroom Fry has something 10 or 11 different types of mushrooms. I'm not the biggest mushroom but even I thought it was awesome.If you've ever read one of my reviews you know I'm all about a burger. The Wagyu burger here is phenomenal. Challah bread AND a truffle aoli AND some bacon..........MY GOD!Definitely recommended! [SEP]
4	Family business bagel shops are my favorite. I found this place through Groupon and decided to check it out. The name itself intrigued me as Lox means salmon fillet that is cured. I didn't go with salmon, but I got a honey wheat bagel with veggie lite cream cheese. The cream cheese was freshly made with carrots, garlic, and celery. It had a light taste to go with a and hearty sized bagel. My friends got croissants with cheese which tasted as well. The prices are very here and you can order bagels by the dozen. [SEP]
4	it here. I stay at hotels about 80 nights a year for work, and often go to Phoenix. Gotta say, if it weren't for the hood neighborhood, I would've given it 5 stars. The restaurant next door, Bobby Q, has rave reviews, so it seems a place to eat, but that seems to be the only dinner place around. thing it's the Residence Inn, with a small kitchenette.This is probably the hotel I've stayed in all year. The dishes and silver wear are very and housekeeping keeps it that way daily. I've stayed at places twice the amount of this Residence Inn in Scottsdale and dishes in the kitchenette were filthy. Small workout room but you can go to the LA Fitness down the street for free. Oh, they don't skimp on breakfast-waffles, eggs, sausage, yogurt, fruit and and cereal. Beds don't look but they are Devine. I had some of my nights sleep here. It's to stay at a place that is more a home than a hotel. [SEP]
5	Food was really good. Waitstaff were all really and in selecting drinks and entree. Would for sure go back. [SEP]
5	Mostly I the Rokerij just because I saying the name. But the food is also killer. I had the most chicken, and the sides, which usually I just take for granted as filler food, were sodelicious that they caught my attention in a big way. I also tried my date's steak, and while it was spendy, it sure seemed it.The feel of the place is too, with the stone walls and coziness without feeling too crowded. We ventured downstairs to look at the bar, and had we been there early to a couch I wouldn't have wanted to leave.It definitely feels a splurge, or somewhere you'd take a business associate or date that you wanted to wow. It's manages a high end feel, while remaining unmistakably local. I can't say I'd suggest it just for any old night, but it will stay on of my list for special occasions. [SEP]
5	This is a MMA gym. Instructors are profesional, the facility is clean, and they with all experience levels. [SEP]
5	We have a show quality teacup Yorkie and a 5 Pound Maltese, who has issues, and they handle them beautifully! The owners attitude is all about making sure you are and your dogs are too! We were using a place across the street where the owner was all about taking your money and then booking you with who ever was available, even if you had an appointment with a particular groomer! These guys are the best, they CARE, and it's a to give them our business. Just Go!!!! :-) [SEP]
5	I live within walking distance of the Japanese Friendship Garden, so I it frequently. Once inside, it's to believe you're still in Phoenix. That's why I was so when Groupon recently offered a half-price membership. I would join in a minute, except they're closed from May to October or so. Half-price membership seems about right.The atmosphere is and meditative. I feel sitting on a bench and actually meditating here. The koi kind of me out. They've been fed so often by visitors that I feel certain they'd eat me if I into the pond. Last time I visited, there were baby ducks in the house. So and fluffy, and they had no of people. [SEP]
2	When I walked through the swinging doors around noon on a Sunday, I walked into Hooterville. Think silicone, tans, bleached hair and teeth and caked-on makeup. And the men here overdose on testosterone: full of bulk and attitude. Think sideways baseball hats, torn jeans, flip flops and gold. Even at noon on a Sunday, they were on the hunt. Joining me in was my San-Franciscan friend. We represented the world of natural size and color. To bring ourselves and escape in this world surrounding us, we discussed environmental concerns. I got the Buffalo Chicken sandwich. Commensurate with the theme here, this was the biggest breast I'd ever seen. The sauce was and tasty. The baked beans had a southwestern - with pepper. My friend got the chili, which he said was slightly spicy but not temperature-hot. I didn't attempt the bucking broncho, for many reasons, but one of them being that there was nothing on it to hold on to. Too for a northerner me. [SEP]
4	atmosphere! drink specials :) [SEP]
4	to with a Centurion guarding the entrance. I wished it was patio weather. The place was very and a little padded banko seating. If the tables were only several inches higher, it would have been better! First off, we ordered Baked Brie and Raspberry wrapped in puff pastry hors d'oeuvres with a side of grapes. A couple of glasses of light and fruity red Portugal wines paired well. Can I have some lemonade?, nope, no lemonade. How about Sprite?, sorry, no Sprite. So to see the look on cutie pie's face. Even wine bars would have had something for him to drink. Okay, water is fine. He gloomly said. We him an Italian soda next door at Lola's. He cheered up.Killer pizzas, so I've heard. We decided to order the Mozarella, basil (pesto instead), white truffle oil pizza. The crust is toasty outside and and inside. 14 inches for $12 pie! We added Risotto with manchego cheese/chorizo. It was very, very, very rich! It was so rich, I wanted to reach for some bread to sop it up!We were so full and carbo-ed up! We didn't balance out our meals very well. thing we took the lightrail downtown. We needed to do a lot of walking after all that eating!Kudos to the chef and the hostess/server, they were absolutely wonderful. Donec obviam redimus! [SEP]
5	There is only one reason why I shouldn't this pizza.Waiting an amount of time for a pizza is a big one. If this pizza was not as I would be I think.I would tell you about it ( HERE)... but you know what its that good. I have had pizza around the world ,its not the best..... but this is close to the you are going to get in this area code. I would to say don't believe the but yo there is a reason you have to wait sometimes as long as 4+ hours for a pizza on a Saturday night. Lets really face the reality of that night though. You are gonna want to around at other bars drinking with your friends anyway.Its certainly not going to be a night of entertainment either.. Armed with that information you know what to expect. While there is another place close by that is just as but not as central.This is it just to know what people are talking about.This Pizza is wood fired and made with world class ingredients. The thin cust is perfect. The service at least for me was rushed and sorta unplesant. We were literally the last people in there by the time they sat us, so I am not sure if that behavior / treatment is normal. Not a place to pop in and grab a bite to eat with a small group but if you are REALLY not in rush then this place is one of the in AZ. [SEP]
5	Cheese Curds! They have been so to find in AZ. the Jalepeno ones too.Really milk. the stop.Bring cash, not credit or debit cards [SEP]
4	Icey iced ice... tasty and refreshing, Rita's delivers. You can't help but as you walk in the door, anticipating the tasty that is lined up in front of you. They have simple cream ice, milkshakes, gelati, Italian ices, custard, custard cookies... and on and on. We stopped by on a random, afternoon after passing the new store and noticing the sign... a few samples later, we were sure that we'd found a winner. My only 'ouch' came when I found out the calories and in my Blendini mix. :-/ I shared it! We'll just make Rita's an occasional splurge.Yum... Blendini! We the Vanilla custard with Toffee. :-D See ya there! [SEP]
5	I have lived all over the US, and I have experienced extreme lows and highs with dentists, but this dental group is by far my I have ever been a of. I can't say about them, so I won't ramble.... Just them. [SEP]
5	I'm really not the type to want to go out for breakfast, I'd rather save my dining money for lunch or dinner because I figure I can usually make just as of a breakfast at home. However, there is no way I could match their french toast, it is just outstanding. We have been twice and I ordered that both times. The first time, I told the waitress to put the berry sauce on the side because I usually don't fruit toppings, they are too and tasting. But this sauce is delicious! It is homemade and very natural tasting, I ate every bit of it. We also the jalepeno bacon. My kids the in a blanket. We had very service both times, we will definitely be back! [SEP]
3	ice cream, but still just ice cream. Really the salted caramel alongside a scoop of corn. Feel a little for driving from Phoenix just for the taste but no complaints. [SEP]
4	Finally tried Pei Wei and overall we were very pleased. I ordered the Spicy Ramen Noodle bowl which was not overly spicy, and tasted good. Others ordered the Orange Chicken, Mongolian Beef, and several appetizers of egg roll, lettuce wraps, and edamame. Everything was good. You can also opt for brown rice instead of white rice for a healthier route. What amused me a lot were the Touch Screen Soda machines that had many varieties carried by Coca-Cola. It was cool!Overall, food, service, okay prices. [SEP]
4	Yumm yumm yumm! The burgers are and yummy!The service has always been notch, and freindly.Love the inside and outside environment. Could do without the TVs with sports playing on them...don't we get plugged in entertainment in our lives already?....but I'm probably in the minority.Kid for those behaved kids of course. :) [SEP]
4	PBR. Dog 20/20. What??!! I was a witness to someone drinking Milwaukee's Light. son. I guess if youre going to do it, do it cheap.Get there early if you're going on Saturday morning for the game, it fills up quick. All in all, it is was it is. An Ohio bar, watching football, peeps getting sliggity sloppt. Most are still from the night before. Makes for people watching practice. Make friends with your neighbors when you find a seat. They could be from Ohio and a new person to be besties with.Nice!! Thanks Mickey's, you rock... and roll. [SEP]
2	US Airways used to be up there w/Continental.. now they're down thereI didn't even mind the fact that they started charging for their food.. But now they're going overboard.. I didn't want to bring a heavy jacket w/me to Cabo, so I wore a light jacket and I figured the standard blanket they give you during the flight would suffice. I noticed there weren't any blankets on board and when I asked a flight attendant for one he said .......yea.. for $7 I almost started laughing cause I thought he was trying to a joke. He wasn't. Introducing US Airways' nap pack comes w/crappy blanket, ear plugs, inflatable neck rest , for only $7! Use the money you were previously going to use to purchase your online meal for your standard necessities! So I decline.. and they must crank the A/C up to you to purchase their nappy pack.. cause the tip of my nose was and I just couldn't sleep at all during my flight w hile I was trying cover every surface of my body w/my stretched out light jacket.And you also cause you run out of your purchased meals...who doesn't pack for the flight? You at even saving money for yourselves.. [SEP]
5	Are you kidding me, this place is great. sized bread, quality ingredients, staff. When I think dream sub, I think italian night club no mayo, and extra peppers. Don't get no betta! [SEP]
1	This place is than the IRS, at least the IRS admits when they made a mistake. But these workers will be caught before they hear themselves say for the or we made a mistake. They gave me different information on two consecutive visits that I made, then Dorrie, some lady who obviously should not have been working that day because she was coughing phlegm all over my documents, then after she asked me to wait by the counter for 10 minutes while their system updated. I waited, 1 hour and 30 minutes later I finally went to the information counter and asked for Dorrie... I was told that she had gone to lunch 15 minutes ago and was told to go talk to another lady. She just dismissed me and I went to go talk to the new lady, who was also extremely and kept rolling her eyes and interrupting me before I could finish my sentences. Basically i spent total of 3 and a half hours waiting and getting attitude and nothing was resolved because of their mis information and Dorries customer service ethics and the last ladys pride.. not one person resolved anything and they all were too to say we apologize for the inconvenice. I this place if you wanna be late to 2 or more hours and having your mild mannered tested to the maximum. [SEP]
3	Lunch here is and it. Dinner? Spend your hard-earned money elsewhere. If it's easy-earned money and you don't care to spend then by all means the atmosphere and above average French food... just don't order the flat iron steak. [SEP]
5	In terms of Mexican joints this place is the best. With the outdoor atmosphere, decor and food, it just doesn't get any better. The other locations are just as good. The staff is usually too, although one time we waited a VERY long time to get served at the Scottsdale location. [SEP]
2	Yes, I've had better.The chai lattes are good, but not $4.50 for a large(which was a grande cup size at starbucks). Prices are just the same as Starbucks, if not more. And they have a credit card surcharge for less than $5 spent. I still don't agree with that at any place I go too. I the local artwork displayed. But not impressed. If the prices were lower, then I could see coming here more often. [SEP]
4	Probably many recent college graduates who the drink, one of my life goals it to eventually open up a microbrewery. I tend to shy away from the idea of a brewpub since I believe that an establishment should place focus on either its beer or the food. Places that do both tend to have beer and food or beer but food. Four Peaks somehow passes the test on both their food and the beer.First off, parking and the place gets busy. I went on a Wednesday evening and it was packed. But with Hour, what do you expect? Three dollar pints allowed me to try a bunch of their beers. My favorites included Kilt Lifter, Hop Knot IPA and the Raj IPA. They even held a cask ale, style of holding beer that (thankfully) seems to be making its way into breweries and bars. The food included typical brewpub fare. Burgers, wings, sandwiches etc. All of our items were of quality. Or perhaps I was a bit too to really notice the nature of the food. But it, that beer was good. Hands down the brews I've had at a brewpub. [SEP]
5	One of the things I about my neighborhood is that Cornish Pasty is w/in walking distance.Every pasty Ive had here is awesome. My personal faves include the shepherds pie, the chicken pot pie, and the thanksgiving pasty.Yes its tiny and loud, but it adds to the charm. Also, the that you when you walk in the door= heaven.We eat in and get to go. Tip for to go: have a beer or a cider w/ your wait. [SEP]
5	An organized & store, a & staff, a selection of baby/kid products! I will never go to a babies r us again. you Chandler buybuybaby! [SEP]
4	for a Quick lunch. And I mean seriously quick. ninja light speed fast. Under two minutes from order to table. How can you beat that! One time they clock-in at 1min 45sec for a table of five. My favorites are the House Special Chicken, the Orange chicken and the Prawns. can't go and you will leave stuffed and satisfied. [SEP]
3	I know I might some flack for only giving this place 3 stars, but really....it's no different than Chang's. If I could give half stars, I would give it a 3.5. Why? Because I think it's than Chang's. It's exactly the same menu (just not as diverse), but cheaper. If you are at this location, try Tott's instead. I bet you'll start going there more often than here. [SEP]
4	MAN BUZZ! The breakfast buzz is the ultimate meat head drink. I mean espresso protein and smoothie all in one? Can't beat it! I have had many things on the menu here and all good. The bowls are the breakfast club is out of this world and the veggie wrap add chicken(come on gotta do it!) is also awesome. drink selection, if you Arnold Palmers ask for the Tiger Woods the next time you go in. EAtmosphere is laid back with a stay. This is the only thing to warn you about it can take some time if you don't call ahead but its it! [SEP]
5	Place is awsome. Got the beef cheesesteak and everything was great. The bread was possibly the I have ever had. Price was good. Just over 9 bucks for a whole sammich and soda. While waiting I walked around and I plan on going back for some shopping. Lots of pasta, sauces and just about anything you could want for Italian food. 5 stars all the way. [SEP]
5	Grew up in San Antonio and Austin. Have traveled extensively and sampled BBQ all over the country. The term Texas-style means beef, first. Period. And smoke, and that ain't mesquite. Oak is king. These guys have changed the face of Phoenician BBQ forever. It's a that the Scottsdale location was touched by ... well, Scottsdale. morons. If you have not been here, you need to go down to 24th and E. Roeser and try it. Hands down the Q in the area, including Creek. The guys are FROM Texas and they know the whats, wheres and hows of Bar-B-Que. And for those the meal in a carton on paper who think that such is declasse, please, do me a favor... Head on down to Austin or, yet, Lockhart. Stand at the front of the line at Stubbs or Black's or Kruez Market and loudly proclaim your thoughts as a BBQ aficionado. Just let me know when you are heading down so I can out and watch the ensuing festivities. Freud said it best: BBQ and being horrifically anally-retentive is ALL about your dreams of your Auntie Ma. Or, shut up and grow up ya infantile gomers... [SEP]
3	I've been here a total of three times, and I probably won't be returning any time soon. It's not that the food is flat out bad, per se, it's just that there are many options nearby. The first time I went on a recommendation, and the food was... OK. The 2nd time I went the food was still only... OK. The third time... well, you get the picture.The first obvious against Rosita's Place is the chips and salsa. They're not bad, but they're not complimentary. Given all the competition which offer chips and salsa, you'd think these would have to be darn special, but they're not. Good, but not outstanding.Secondly, the rice and beans are just OK (that descriptor keeps coming up in this review). The chicken enchiladas were fresh, but any real flavor or spice. The machaca, which is supposed to be one of their specialties, was soggy... a BIG no-no for a dish that is a specialty in this region.So, honestly, while I wouldn't anyone from going here, I'm not sure what some of the is about, especially when Rito's, Tacos De Juarez, and Comedor Guadalajara aren't that far away. [SEP]
4	The staff is really helpful. I arrived without credit card due to a travel and they were about providing assistance to get me to a bank to help things up. Their bell staff is and knowledgable. They can and will get you anywhere in town. Room was okay. Clean, furnished and updated. I had a window overlooking the courtyard and I would avoiding that. It can get a little at night. Banquet food was good. Not great, but and plentiful. of dishes for everyone from salads and sandwiches to dishes. A few of the items were a little salty for my taste but with a buffet style service, if something didn't suit, you could replace it with something else. The service was astonishing--they really go all out! If you are visiting during the weather, do not the pool area. It's fantastic! [SEP]
4	I have to admit, the reason I gave this place 4 stars instead of 3 is a) I want it to stay in business (which can be on Mill these days!) and b) It's one of the few places on Mill where you can bring your child without feeling you may get heckled. ;) lol Now, I definately a night out without the babes too, but this is a place I go for hour with my husband and daughter. The beer/wine is good, the food is (I the southwestern egg roll apps), the price is good, the service is good, and the atmosphere is (thought I was going to say good, huh?). We to sit on the patio and people watch. [SEP]
3	Similar to Los Betos - Fiesta is mexican food. The staff is and accommodating. I did have a conversation with the girl at the counter though... I was trying to order my burrito without onions, and she kept saying okay and yes and nodding at everything I said. I would ask her questions and she would say yes and press buttons on the register. It took me a few minutes to realize she had absolutely no idea what I was saying. Aside from that, my burrito wasn't bad... nothing special though. The beans were from a can, the guacamole wasn't (I anything was), everything is cooked in or made of lard, their chips are flavorless and kinda stale, and they are seriously any sort of salsa. They just have the typical generic nameless sauce found in these joints. As I said - Los Betos... but and a little maybe. It's just a place for late-night munchies. [SEP]
4	Was here awhile back and Sharon H's review will sum it for atmosphere but i will try and cover my feelings on the taste.The bruchetta is great.Yeah really that simple. I haven't tried much but bruchetta here but haven't really been either. Even the ones that haven't been a fan of of the ones i tried when i have mixed and matched when getting to select I still would order over bruchetta at most places as they are still very good. Did try a pizza once and wasn't but nothing stood out (it's been awhile since that). The bruchetta however comes to mind every time i hear the word.Oh and the service is very and attentive. One night I was in and they had just finished a major catering event and it had said on the front door that the kitchen was going to be until about the time we arrived. Yet when we ordered and it took a bit to get the food (barely a in my book and if I hadn't been apologized to by the waiter probably wouldn't have know it was longer than normal) we got a little discount. [SEP]
5	Mmm hipster bars. Let me count the ways in which I you.You are (we had $2 Stellas)You are (local art on the walls that I'm told changes regularly)You are full of pretension (people watching is always the price of admission)You are (like minded souls can each other out)If you are in the Roosevelt district, I highly stopping in for hour. Its and hipstery. Both words have been used to describe me, so I am naturally predisposed to this place. [SEP]
4	The new Esplanade is fantastic!Food my (admittedly low) expectations. Everything packed a lot of flavor, and there was more thought and care put into it than I would normally expect from a restaurant that sources its food from a national distributor. For example, the breadstick that came with the Chicken Mac 'n Cheese was a pretzel. Cute, no? The Mac 'n Cheese and Chicken Fajita Wrap were on par with the meals I've had at a TGI Fridays or Applebys. I mean that in the way possible... This is simple whitebread American dining, but it's done well. Price points for food and alcohol were with those chains as well... Most of the meals clocked in under $10, though soda was almost $4. Service was good. Push a button, BOOM! they're there at your side. Our drinks were before we could finish them. waitress. Their efficiency bordered on supernatural. I mean, it's not they can just look out over a one-room restaurant to see what's going on with their section of tables. So to everyone who there. There are two kinds of theaters, and you have to go to the AMC website to know which one your show is playing in. Note that the high-end theaters are 21+. Even the basic level had seating. Seats are arranged there mostly in groups of four. The enormous chairs are the slightly higher ticket price. If you go during the day, don't pay the extra $1 to order your tickets from AMC's site. Otherwise, it's it: The seats are assigned.My only is that the popcorn only comes in a small bag. Refills are unlimited, and you only need to push a button to get more, but it's to share a bag with a group of friends without calling for more every five minutes. [SEP]
4	Seriously, than ANY other gyro place I have ever been. The meat is the real stuff, not strips heated up. pitas are and slightly toasted. HERE'S THE PART : Absolutely fries!If you are me and soggy fries, you don't have to at JT's. crispy on the outside, on the inside - the way fries are supposed to be. I usually have to order my fries 'well done' and at other places they are STILL soggy. Not here.I have taken two Fry here to see what they thought and they both gave them rave reviews! [SEP]
2	I thought I was really in for one of the burgers of my life due to my fellow Yelpers' reviews but was sort of disappointed. I did the fries in the shopping cart, that was creative, but they weren't anything special. Same way I felt about the Delux burger. The meat was dry and the condiments were which made it worse. I thiknk the bun was the part. I did do a beer flight which was nice. The atmosphere is here but I probably won't visit again if I'm in the area. [SEP]
5	I try and eat here regularly. Hummus is great. Very personable staff. And the atmosphere is awesome. Look forward to the next time! [SEP]
4	This place has a location. Hidden away in Old Town next to the art park of Scottsdale. place to take an out of towner.I suggest sitting outside. They have misters, of course, and umbrellas. Inside is just a little too for me. Portions are huge! Not complaining. You are def. getting your moneys worth. On weekends make sure to come early- this place gets packed out! overall, a breakfast/brunch place and place to get rid of your hangover! ...plus being a Georgia girl- PBR tall boys woop woop [SEP]
5	I really this gym. It is so and maintained. There is always plenty of towels to grab before a workout. The childcare is and has the security part down. When you sign up as a member you and your child are given assigned wristbands to use during visits. The staff have always been about ensuring the numbers on them match prior to releasing my child to me. You can even tune into the cameras to watch your child on the tv's that are on the cardio equipment. Childcare is also open 7 days a week and doesnt close for lunch most gyms. There is also plenty of group classes throughout the day if you are into Zumba or cycling,etc. I this gym to anyone especially parents needing quality childcare. [SEP]
4	place and food I'd very for bar food. A bit but atmosphere. service. [SEP]
4	Could use a remodeling job, but the food is really for the area. The wait staff is very attentive, and the chips and sauce for dipping, are REALLY GOOD. The fajitas are my usual. the visit and you'll leave satisfied. [SEP]
5	Been to come here ever since I saw this place on Unique Eats. Very laid back gastropub with a friendly, funny/entertaining staff! We grabbed drinks at the bar first - Moe'scow Mule (ginger beer, cucumber, lime, rocks) & the Persian (Absolut Tea vodka, St. Germain elderflower liqueur, & sour, Persian cucumber juice, peel, rocks) which were both good, not too strong, but a drink.Appetizers:1) Pork Belly Pastrami (rye spaetzle, Brussels sprout sauerkraut)2) The Original Chopped SaladPlease order both. They were both delicious! I was in with the salad especially.Entrees:1) Lamb Burger (Serbian lepinja roll, pickled cucumber-onion, tzatziki, Kennebec French fries & house made ketchup) I tend to be very about my lamb... Actually I'm not reallly a fan of it/the particular taste and lamb has. Why I ordered this, I don't know, but I can tell you that I it. The taste/odor of lamb wasn't and it was juicy.2) Seared Scallops (Hampshire bacon, roasted corn grits, wilted snow pea greens & Red Rock cola gastrique)3) Amaro Meatloaf (Montenegro Amaro Italian liqueur, pork, beef, parsnip meatloaf, smashed Yukon potatoes, roasted zucchini, veal demi-glace): the server described it as very meaty and meaty it was! Usually meatloaf is fluffed up with a lot of bread crumbs, but this one was mainly just meat. The potatoes were very as well. [SEP]
4	What a sandwich! Not a lot of frills, and the sides are underwhelming, but if you just want a really toasted sandwich for lunch...Sticklers will hit the spot. And it's downright cheap!The only reason this place doesn't get 5 stars, is because the service was a little course, and the place was REALLY busy without a lot of seating space. Plus, it's only open 'till 4 PM! And not at all on weekends! DOWNTOWN RESTARANTS THAT ARE ONLY OPEN FOR LUNCH ON WEEKDAYS DRIVE ME CRAZY!!!!!!!!Come to think of it, the fact that I was to give it 4 stars despite all that is a testament to how their sandwiches are., because there aren't many other things to say about it. [SEP]
1	Maybe their dogs are better, but breakfast sandwiches at Nathan's are disgusting! The English muffin was spongy, the eggs greasy, the bacon undercooked... And all premade and wrapped to melt together into mush with the cheese. Yuck!!! [SEP]
5	Do Taco Jedis at Senor Taco? Yes. Yes they do.Is the force of making Mexican food with these Jedis? Oh yeah!Try the shredded beef tacos in the shells. When they ask you if you want sauce, say 'si' and drizzle it onto the tacos. Piled cheese, beef, lettuce, tomatoes all stuffed into an authentic-style taco shell - it doesn't get any than this. Just make sure you put a helmet on because it's good.If you spicy, no-nonsense burritos, go with the Carne Asada Burrito (Red Chile).If you the whole meal, go with the Carne Asada or Pollo Asado burrito combo plates. The plate comes with flour tortillas, beans and rice, guacamole and salsa fresca. You make your own burritos. This is just eatin'. Take it home, open a Hefeweizen, and you are golden.And lastly, from the sage words of my wife: The shrimp tacos and burritos are certified gourmet meals! Do I stutter? Nope.While Senor Taco is technically 'fast food' it does take some time to prepare. If you do drive-thru don't get all road ragey if it takes longer than it does at Taco Bell. There is a price to pay to make food and that price is TIME. This is not a worldwide chain that spends more on advertising and earning your business by putting little dogs on plastic mugs. Senor Taco is not that type of place. A little wait is very much it.I realize that appearance of the location some reviewers. Yes, it is in a strip mall. Yes it is 100-150 feet away from a gas station slash AM/PM mini market. I get that. But this is not Sanctuary. This is not Kai. This is not Deseo. When one reviewer (and I use the word 'reviewer' loosely here) hilariously claims to have walked in, used his Superman vision to supposedly spot a family of microbes and (without trying the food) proceeded to sprint out because he was frightened of all the imagined cooties ... well... I just have to laugh. That's not a review, it's a drive-by, and reviewers this are probably with Hometown Buffet or Luby's Cafeteria. And that's too because this is food.I've eaten here maybe 15-20 times and my wife has ordered the fish taco plate a number of times and neither of us has ever gotten sick. The people at Senor Taco are nice, the food surprises and your expectation of Mexican food will be forever changed for the better. I can't highly enough. [SEP]
2	This store is too busy. Don't get me wrong, I my Mac more than anything but the service at this store is god-awful. Luckily before purchasing my Mac I researched until I knew exactly what I wanted. I seemed to know more than the associate that me! Purchasing it was more of an affair - I couldn't wait to get out of there. Also, it's always almost to get into the Bar. My iPod malfunctioned sometime earlier this year and after waiting in the store for 45 minutes to be seen, I was only informed that the were more in depth than they thought and I would need to schedule an appointment. It's just an iPod, people! The experience itself was more than frustrating. I stick with Amazon on this one. [SEP]
5	Stopped in looking for some from the heat after a couple hours shopping. They have a hour menu that we tried several dishes from and all were very good. Menu also has a selection of alcoholic drinks nut we to H2O hydration instead. Staff and management were very attentive. Would definitely recommend. [SEP]
5	I've been Dr. Castilla's office for 7 years. Her office has relocated and her practice has grown over the years and for reason. She is a Dr. that treats you as a person and takes her time to honestly answer your questions. She makes eye contact with you and I couldn't ask for anything more. Just remember, it is a large practice and the staff is sometimes questionable. But, she's the wait! Now that we've relocated, I to give up Dr. Castilla. She's irreplaceable! [SEP]
4	Absolutely the ambiance - very with the brick and stone and walls of wine. The fireplace and seating make it very intimate. In my opinion, the time to come here is for brunch. Yes, even on a Sunday nursing a hangover, the food, drink and decor can't be beat. Very priced mimosas and bloody's as as some of the breakfast items you could ask. My is the eggs benedict with thier Mexican - the carne adovada is also and very satisfying. No skimping on the meat here, and it's not in sauce - I have yet to finish a full plate of anything. Thier potatoes even get my mouth watering. Service was the last time we went, but the first time we had to go up to the bar to remind the gal we were there. After that she was more than and the food more than made up for it. I could linger here for hours and get in some serious trouble! Have not been to the downstairs area or had any other meal here, but can't wait to go back!!! [SEP]
4	great, family owned place that feels the kind of italian joint that is made with love. Food options are very with traditional italian dishes and unique entrees that can't be found elsewhere. [SEP]
5	there is none better. This taco shop is off the beaten path hidden and mixed in next to a shop and behind a circle k. Parking can be at a premium but the payoff is the food. service, low key on the inside and flavors and textures that rock your socks off!! I mean really. My taco shop in the valley, or more to the point prob. one of the in the west! the burros are as think as a mans arm, the tacos are soooo good. i especially the chorizo, the lingua is good, the carne is excellent. have a cane sugar coke in a bottle and find a seat, inside or out you will savor the flavors and be sure to use the sides of grilled peppers and onions, they make the meal for me. now where to go for lunch ? [SEP]
5	Such combinations of flavors, yet they taste so good. We've been here three or four times and are never disappointed. [SEP]
3	Very cute, sandwich and coffee. This is a place to stop in between shopping sprees. They have really good/healthy sandwiches and coffee drinks. *Service = really and nice*Food = and healthy*Atmosphere = relaxing and cute*Brownie = yummy :) [SEP]
4	I'm that Cafe Rio Mexican Grill opened up in Town and Country. We have been to Cafe Rio a couple of times now. On Tuesday they have tacos for $1.50. Cafe Rio is now my place for tacos. The beef and pork tacos are the best. If you are looking for a taco you should check out Cafe Rio. [SEP]
5	reviews are to write. Stop reading this and just go eat there! OK, I have visited this place for years now and don't go anywhere else if I am in this area. I the Chef's, they are and quick. They speak Spanish to me and but I don't dare try to respond in Japanese, ha ha. The value is phenomenal, where can two people get miso soup, salad, beans, tea, ice cream and sushi rolls all for under $20? I've tried the same at Say Sushi in my hometown of Maricopa and can't do it for under $40 or more for two. All you can eat is but I find that ordering individually is more economical. atmosphere for a quick lunch or a large party for dinner. The waitresses are Asian and I find that for the restaurant. Some reviews on here about them. I don't have any with them they have always treated me and done their job well. I will keep coming back. [SEP]
5	you Jen & Mike for making what I expected to be a decision so easy! My boyfriend and I will do all of our future shopping at this location! Whatever you need here ask for them, Jen is the store manager and Mike was more than amazing! They told us that not many people knew about this location and I I would change that! Make sure to post your experience next! I my ring!!!! [SEP]
4	Mmmmmm...why did I wait so long to try this???? pizza!!!!!!!!!! I would give 5 stars, bjt the service was...well, not great. Its ok, we all have off days. We'll be back!!!! [SEP]
4	I would give this one 5 stars if it weren't for the hostess that made us feel so uncomfortable!!! We had friends in town and they were to try it out. the restaurant concept and the food. I wish I could eat it every day!! Pros: chicken - crispy, seasonedwaffles - thin and the crunch!red kool aid 'drank' - just it was when you were a kid!mac 'n cheese - creamy and delish!the price!!Cons: hostess was rudebathroom was a lil stinky/dirty... sadfaceCan't wait to take more out of towners to this place! [SEP]
5	calamari in town, and service. Tokyo is a drink, refreshing. [SEP]
5	Yes, it's pricey, so I got a membership. Yes, the membership is - but if you go frequently (and you'll want to with the summer months) you'll get your money's and then some. The place is big that you can do different exhibits for each trip. place to take the grandparents to watch the kids in their element, too! [SEP]
2	the coffee not about my service. Of the 4-3 times I have been in the barista has never been behind the counter to serve me. Every time that I have walked in they follow me off the patio where they have been smoking. I know that you are entitled to a but, sitting out chit chatting with your friends smoking is not what you get paid for. Either I have timing coming in when they are on or the kids there are huge slackers. [SEP]
4	In the interest of full disclosure the only thing I every really go here for is the lunch buffet but wow, what a buffet! I believe the buffet itself is about $10 and for that you get a wide range of vegetarian items and as with other items on the buffet most of those get changed out over time so you get a rotation of various dishes as you come back. They also have hummus and baba ghanoush (like hummus but made with eggplant instead of chickpeas). There is generally at least one dish with red meat (today it was a tomato based with eggplant and either beef or lamb) and usually two dishes with chicken.I generally get iced tea to go with the meal and one thing to note, they do not serve alcohol so if you want to go someplace where you can also have a drink or two, this would not be a place to go but if you just want a place with really Middle Eastern food (the owners told me it is really Lebanese cooking but I'm going to just generalize and say for most of us, when you try it, you will think Middle Eastern). Of course, you can walk a block or two to 4 peaks brewery, in the same area, and have a drink or two before or after you your meal. One really thing about this place it is off the Apache stop on the light and across the road (same side of the street) is Pita Jungle so a wide range of food options off that light stop.Bottom line, I've never had anyone I've taken here NOT it and everyone who has gone has wanted to go back again. I it for lunch during the workday because it is quick and you have a wide of regularly changed out tasty food options, so I you give it a try if you have the time. :-) [SEP]
4	I went to this place the night before my birthday, after making 3 u-turns and k-turn...after reading all the reviews about this place, i expected to see a lighted up sign at the least to make the average driver realize where to turn...other than that it was food, looks can be deceiving, looks a cafeteria but the food was amazing, the bbq beef brisket were and melt in your mouth, the pork ribs was delicious, the family size cole slaw was small, i thought i was in france ordering es cargo.. but overall food [SEP]
4	Wow-- SO many breakfast options I had a time deciding what to order. They've got skillets, scrambles, and omelets galore. Not to mention two baked pancakes that sound amazing. I'll definitely be back to try those. During my recent visit I went with the New Mexican Skillet, which consists of eggs, chorizo, avocadoes, cheese, and tomatoes served over crispy hash browns. The chorizo was well-seasoned and not too greasy. I that they have the options of egg whites or Egg Beaters, although I the up-charge! But you can't put a price on health (says the woman eating chorizo and hash browns). The fresh-squeezed orange juice was delicious.Portions are huge here. Supposedly the skillets have two eggs, but I think I got more 4, and the at another table looked it had about six. Even though the place was full, the service was excellent. Just know that you may have to wait a while for a table if you go on a weekend. [SEP]
3	We have one of the 1st ones to open in the valley near us and it's OK. Sure it has a selection of to eat or grocery selections, but watch the pricing.. you (somewhat understandably) pay for the and the time of their to go's. I do their concept and do shop there occasionally (more if i just need something quick).Their hotdog buns are sorta which is different, not different bad, just different!As for the Hybrid only parking... I don't think so... what a joke! :) [SEP]
5	We were greeted with very staff. We had the knocci for an appetizer with a marinara sauce - usually do not order knocci but these came and were very good. The bread was crusty on the outside & chewy on the inside -very yummy. We sat at the bar as we usually do and the bartender brought over a sample of their meet sauce to try with more bread. I don't eat meat sauce but my husband said it was very good. I had a heft cosmo & my husband had a beer. For dinner i had the pasta trio that was - probably the italian food i've had since the cioppino at Allesia's restaurant. My husband had the linguine with white clam sauce also very good. I'm certain these pasta dishes were homemade because they just had flavor - I wanted more!! We finished with tiramisu that was also really great. My husband had coffee and even that was great. A little in my opinion for italian food but due to how all of it tasted - we think it was it. This will be a definite dining destination in the future. [SEP]
2	I Rubio's in general, but this location is hit or on the food quality and service. I the one on the other side of the I-10 next to the movie theater. [SEP]
2	I'm not with their medium to high priced menu. Sushi is never cheap, but the quality of the sushi rolls and presentation is a bit and not for the high-end decorated type of restaurant. I've had way quality, presentation, and taste at other sushi restaurants that are not high-end. I guess we were paying for the ambiance and decorations more than anything. [SEP]
4	I really Bandera. I really their cornbread. dang cornbread I've ever had. I dream about it in fact. Food is always great, service is usually as well. place to take guests if you're not sure what they like.My only complaint...Bandera is a casual restaurant, yet last time I was there my father was asked to remove his cap. No biggie, he obliged, but then I noticed the staff didn't seem to have a with the little thing wearing hers at the next table. Come on, be guys. [SEP]
4	Michigan anything fans, this is your breakfast place.Really breakfast selection, prices, and a very staff. Im sure we were the youngest people in the restaurant, but I dont care. Their food is GOOD.My husband a Belgiun waffle, bacon, and eggs while I had the morning mashup...i think thats what it was called. It was basically a denver omelet w/ bacon together w/ hash browns. While it didnt look pretty, it was delicious.We'll definitely be visiting again when were in the east valley. [SEP]
1	Experience with Hostess was rude. Service with a frown. Our waiter had attitude too. It was a birthday dinner and we were in spirits..so this review is written with clarity. The margaritas were strong-check ok there. The shrimp appetizer was different and very and $18 for four shrimp. We ordered two mahi mahi dinners (each $24)and they were RANCID. Yup. I said RANCID. We asked if the shrimp fajitas dinner had the same jumbo and they said they would have to charge extra (each entree was priced at $30) we had to pay extra for the beans and rice that they had left on the table-which was by the time the shrimp dinner--which came with 5 shrimp and onions. service with an attitude. food to say the least...all over-priced. Never going back. [SEP]
5	food their pork is !!!! The cooking made this dish superb. Of course the margaritas are as as they get!Overall everyones food was tasty and the service was great. The place was very busy with allot of energy. [SEP]
4	dilly's has to be one of my sandwich shops of all time. they have such a wide of choices that anyone who comes can pick something to suit their taste buds. i always go for the blazin buffalo because i eat wing sauce on nearly everything. boars head meats on all their sandwiches which is but jacks the price up quit a bit. a sandwich, drink, and a side was about $10. i went with the pasta salad as a side, which was nothing special, your average run of the mill pasta salad. my sandwich on this particular visit was a amount of buffalo sauce and i to ask for extra before i left, assuming that they wouldn't be with it. the bread is good, they toast it so it tends to get soggy if you take it to go. the bread bowls are too, i've had the clam chowder and chicken noodle and i both.service here is usually quite slow. even when it's not busy in there, today around 2, i had to wait 10 minutes to get my sandwich and even saw some guy who was two people behind me get his order before me. when it's busy, you're going to be waiting even longer. they need to pick up the pace. [SEP]
3	I Cheuvronts and have been going there regularly for years. Why only three stars then? Over the past year and a half the service has gone downhill. I find that the servers are and rigid, and sometimes a little pompous. After three or four experiences in a row I just don't go there anymore. They do have cheese plates and a hour...just don't catch them when they have a special event going on. [SEP]
4	You know, I've read some mixed reviews on this place. I going here. I think the pricing is reasonable, and I haven't had service. The food is (in comparison to other Phoenician Sushi restaurants). [SEP]
2	I've never been so with the quality of food here, but it's for a chain American-Italian restaurant. But I am currently sitting here at a table, and have been for an hour, with no that a plate of food will be here in the near future. I'm not sure I will be back, I'm sure the Keg next door is better, and that's not saying all that much [SEP]
4	Hike #4 for 2010 was North Mountain Park. Got there around 10:30am on a Sunday. Sunny and weather! We got a parking near Trail #44. We hiked up trail #44, it was but we needed a little more so we went down the pavement and off to this little trail that us to trail #101. Cool! It was a little declines/inclines and between two mountains. The scenary was goregous! We walked until we hit trail #100 and we took a left. Walked and walked.. Watched people walk their dogs & people riding horses. Neat! We got to where the trail ended. Hum? Went off to trail #60 then. Another hike and it was a circle. Circled back to trail #100 and we back tracked all the way back. 3-1/2 hours later we were back at the car. Man, my calves are today! [SEP]
3	coffee, staff, food. they forgot to bring out the bagel I had ordered, but were very apologetic about it. I will go here again. [SEP]
3	This Safeway holds a special place in my heart. It is only a block away from my house, the shelves are always stocked and it never seems to be busy. There is a pharmacy (and they are quick!), meat counter, floral department, bakery and a Starbucks kiosk. The staff is friendly, though often in no rush to get customers on their way. There are some deals to be had here...just don't forget your discount card. Without it the prices are downright unreasonable, hence, the somewhat sad, three star rating. [SEP]
3	Getting in here. It's been at least 6 months since they open but they have the same old flavors. I know you guys been busy but what happen to the rotating flavors??? Not sure if it's a seasonal thing or a cost factor but even the pomegranate toppings are gone (although they have pomegranate fro yo......not a fan of mine). Competitions are moving in so change is not a thing. [SEP]
4	4.5 Stars... I really Beckett's table! It's a large, looking room with exposed ceiling and brick walls. They have a small patio and I heard they're planning to build a large patio on the side of the building. I met a couple friends there and we shared a few different items: The drink list has some looking combos and a of wines. I tried the Palmaire, a lemonade/pomegranite combo. Very refreshing! We had the grilled cheese with pancetta to start... I a grilled cheese and these were little bites. It came with roasted red pepper tomato soup. The soup tasted pureed roasted red peppers; I would have preferred a little more balance with tomato taste. The roasted brussel sprouts were sumptuous; flavor and a little on the outside. The fire roasted green chile pork was very tasty. The corn bread that came with had a contrast. I tried a bite of my friend's short rib - very and lean. We ended with the creme brulee, which came with blackberries. At first I passed on having bites (I'm not a huge fan of creme brulee), but they pressured me into trying it... YUM! I may be a convert now. Overall, a pick! Shout out to Katie B. for the suggestion. [SEP]
4	I this place. What can I say? Richard Cho not only has some of the customer service skills I have ever seen (that guy has an memory for names) but some of the most approaches to making Sushi in the valley. I coming to Sushi Eye, I have never had a experience in all the years I have been going to the 2x New times of Phoenix winner.The use of Macadamia nuts is and an addition to many of the rolls that are available. The Spicy scallop roll is a go to for sure. They have (and I know this sounds stupid) the California rolls in Arizona. As pedestrian as that roll is, The California roll is transformed in to a very dessert style treat when ordered at Sushi Eye. Seriously, do it.Go check it out, introduce yourself to Richard and be when he remembers your name. You will be by the food as well. [SEP]
2	I was so in this place. I just moved out here and was craving filipino food and found this place based on reviews. Although the reviews were average, I was hoping to catch this place on one of its days. Nope, not the case. The place is not much to look at and the food did not look good. I was to eat here but was so hungry and saw that they had my dishes, sinigang and diniguan. They were both ok, I've def had better. I ordered the pancit for my husband and it was terrible! He had maybe two bites and threw the rest away. Oh well, won't be coming back here. There's another filipino place in Phoenix so we'll be trying that next. Gingeroot, also in Chandler, is way but expensive. Guess it's the price when you have your cravings! [SEP]
5	I can't remember the name of the special salad we had tonight with Shrimp, but I will never forget the taste. is an understatement! The NY pizza was equally as great. Every time I come here I say to myself, we need to come more often. Everything is always good.Diane was our server tonight. What a cutie! More is that the service was excellent! Diane was back at our table many times checking to see if there was anything else she could do for us. Another comment I want to make is there was a young man taking care of the table. At some point I thanked him and was surprised to receive Your more than welcome, instead of the typical No statement coming from young people. I should have gone to the management to tell them I was by him, his and mannerisms.We will be back! [SEP]
4	Small, but stocked. All of the Japanese basics are here. It's to have a local Japanese grocer and not have to resort to an Asian-Mega-Mart. There's not a lot of produce, but and dry goods options. I'll have to try the prepared food sometime. They were sold out for the day by the time I went in the afternoon. [SEP]
5	they even need another review - they have a 5 stars as it is!Just got back from my first visit to Adobe, and I am beyond impressed. My German Shepherd pup was having some stomach over the holidays, so I decided to have him checked out to be on the side. I knew he didn't have an or other issue, but I was about parasites.The receptionist, Hilary, was on the phone and in person. She was upfront with what tests she thought would be ordered, and how much it would run me (and it wasn't an arm and a leg; the office call was only $56). I was very they'd be able to see me the next morning, but then she called back not 20 minutes later with a cancellation and said to come on in. Even better! The tech was very with Nately's 40 pounds of squirming, and on him the whole time. I was also they let me help hold him - I've been to vets that called in a 2nd tech, the owners aren't of holding their own dog. Okay, maybe some aren't, but I am, and I being able to and not being instructed a child.Dr. Newland was AWESOME.The difference between him and some other vets I've been to?- Other vets: Oh my God, we need to run $500 of tests and start him on multiple medications, general sense of for not rushing him to their affiliated ER clinic, to run the bill up, very few questions about anything, etc... -Dr. Newland: and personable. He spent 20 minutes going over everything (Nately's last few days of activity and stomach issues, diet, contact with other dogs, where I take him in public, anything he could think of really), felt his abdomen thoroughly, and said Honestly, he's a puppy, they eat things, and something probably just his stomach. He's plainly feeling good, so just feed him a diet, give him this medication to settle his stomach, and bring a stool sample just in case, so you know for sure he's parasite-free. He also dispensed advice for Nately's general care, as long as we were there, about heartworm prevention and necessary vaccines, etc. I even got a education on the different types of parasites and which were even likely in AZ's climate (turns out, not many). I really that he didn't try to me into diagnostics and possible serious diseases, and that he is so on his game and scientific/logical about things.I am very and will be making Adobe my regular vet for as long as possible. If only they treated birds too! [SEP]
4	Really and service even during busier moments. The staff is also very when asked to assist with using copiers and finding mailing supplies. [SEP]
5	T&S Glass did a job replacing my car window. They came to the house within 2 hours of my call, had the window replaced within 30 minutes and treated me a queen. Frank installed the glass and couldn't have been nicer. you T & S Glass!! [SEP]
4	This is my Pho place in Arizona. The menu is diverse, an the staff is friendly. They will answer any and all questions. I've heard them giving lessons on how to eat pho several times. The food is great, and the keep the drinks filled. I've never had a complaint, and I've been there numerous times. You will not be disappointed. [SEP]
4	A short review is in order here because after all we are talking about freakin donuts. However, in AZ there are no donut shops for the most part. We had three donuts - glazed, chocolate long john, and a chocolate old fashioned/sour cream. The last was a bit stale. The first two were great. We will go back. little place and it's open 24 hours. [SEP]
5	When I think Royal Palms, I think getaway. A yet resort, the Royal Palms was built in 1929 to emulate a colonial Spanish retreat. Colonial as in when the Spaniards were conquering the New World. All of the historical details are presented on a frescoed wall in one of the courtyards. We had heard some things about J Cook's and decided to spend a leisurely Sunday morning dining on the patio. If you're looking to be treated royalty, you want to dine hereI exploring the hotel after a luxe breakfast at J.Cooks. The staff are accomodating. What an location for an stay-cation! It's a place to go to grab some drinks and appetizers, I will definitely be back to see what more the resort has to offer! [SEP]
5	I was there just last night, and today received a ROTD for my original review. Too weird.Updates - They mix a margarita! No fluorescent green pre mixed Margarita mix - they make it themselves with lime juice. Yum.The wine list is small but good. My current is the Argentinian Malbec. It's only $6 a glass, and they pour generously. Very tasty wine.The seating is not if you to slouch. If you sit up straight, it's fine. But seriously.... posture is over rated.It gets a little in there once in a while during the winter. Wear long sleeves. :) After 3 glasses of the Malbec last night, I didn't care.This place has really been growing on me... to have such a neighborhood watering hole! [SEP]
5	Mexican food and the drinks are you on your ass good. Have the guacamole and a madre then come and talk to me. [SEP]
3	The Tavern on Mill is an average sports bar with drinks and we come here to watch UFC fights because they don't charge a cover. We always leave when the fights end because there are nightlife options in the area. [SEP]
5	I this store. The produce is always fresh, they have an selection of items including some appetizers, the meat department is - I've tried a few different kabobs from here (spicy kabob rocks), bakery is great, selection of to find dairy items fig yogurt, cheese selection including a local burrata and mozzarella that will your socks off, selection of wines and craft beer, and a floral department that has arrangements.Aside from the above, they make sandwiches, have a salad bar, have different take out dinners every night, have a pasta night and will make you a iced tea or an iced latte that rivals any chain. They also have an grill - they will make you a kobe blue cheese burger that is out of this world. The dogs are but they are gigantic (and a little to look at).One piece of advice before you go, not everything turns over quickly so check the dates. [SEP]
4	My girlfriend and I Crust and frequent here often. They have pizza, the Rustica is for two, and we usually a salad. They have whole wheat crust, upon request, which is actually really good. There service is and we always ourselves when we visit. They have a wine selection by the glass and by the bottle. Our is the red blend that is very unique, let it breathe though. They also have many flat screen tv's so you can keep up with what ever sporting event is on. The atmosphere is casual, but it can get if the restaurant is full. The only time we've ever had food is when we do pick up. It's always been hit or then. We've never had a experience actually visiting the restaurant, which explains the 4 out of 5 stars. [SEP]
4	Just went back here and had another meal - everything was so and homemade with care. Wonderful! [SEP]
5	I'm not sure why it has taken me so long to actually go inside Go-Kat-Go, but I finally did and it! This store is filled with all sorts of retro Hawaiian treasures along with a plethora of other gems. We've got locally designed clothing in one corner, furniture in another, tons of handmade accessories in the middle and bunches of throughout! It was really not to pick up everything in this store and buy it. The owner was really and offered to hold our stuff while we shopped. I ended up walking out of there with an Dia de los Muertos pillow that looks on my new couch plus a matching potholder/oven mitt set in a really pattern. I will definitely be back, especially since my other mom's b-day is coming up and she this kind of stuff. [SEP]
5	Went back to True Foods ( i have been doing this a lot since my first trip) with my mom for dinner last week. It was as always however this time was different. I tried a new menu item, the Bison burger ( i highly reccomend this) it was so tastey and very light for a burger. OMG! I want to say that this time was different because we had THE SERVICE EVER! Our server Marcus was amazing. He was very informative, helpful, and everything you would expect from a server and then some. THIS CAT. Just thought I would give credit where it is due. Too many times you read about the on service and not so often the positives. I in a restaurant and know it's for employers to know who their stars are. MARCUS is your star. A bright, and shiney star. lolLoves: Shitaki mushroom lettuce cups, Ahi sliders, Spaghetti Squash, Kale Salad, Raviolli, Green Tea, Coffe (black) and I always have to have the Banana chocolate Tart. Definitely . [SEP]
5	I was really looking forward to eating here this morning when I got to the restaurant and found that everything was and looking. I had been drinking all night and it was time for some breakfast. They had a selection of tea. The people in my party got quite a few things and everything came in heaping portions. The French toast is the thick kind and very fluffy. They also proved that they can really cook eggs well. They also brought lots of coffee and water for all of us.I also go their chicken tortilla soup and it was AMAZING.The service was fantastic! I will definitely come here again. :) [SEP]
4	Having just returned from a whirlwind overseas business trip, Condor had to unwind. No place than the Spa at Camelback Inn. It has been years since Condor visited and, as I expected, they did not recall that on my last visit I thought the terrycloth robe and slippers were a gift. The letters demanding their return stopped after 3 months.Arriving in the lobby I was greeted by the soothing sound of Asian Zen music and the flow of fountain water. After a quick flashback to the three days in a jungle hut cell due to a jade sale gone bad, I headed to the locker, donned the fluffy terrycloth robe and settled poolside. My first of not having a drink in hand almost immediately was soothed when staff opened the bar 2 hours early. Talk about customer service at 7:30 in the morning. Having the secluded pool to myself, literally, I settled in to a literary vacation of the mind. It had been a long time since I read US Weekly. Engrossed in the torrid life experiences of the hoi polli, I hardly noticed Companion had arrived and asked why I had already consumed six umbrella laden cocktails. The heat, I responded. It's 75 degrees, Companion stated with the accuracy of a former weekend weather girl in San Diego. Well, more cocktails ensued, including Companion's Mango Margarita, whose orange color I compared to the stunning, skin tight dress by an actress named Roxie at a Red Carpet Event in the pages of US Weekly. The color of the Mango Margarita complimented the snow white of my robe after it was hurled in my direction. Another drink soothed Companion's and it was time for the highlight of the day: our individual Swedish Massages! Escorted by my Massage Therapist, the spitting image of Peta Wilson (Google it.) I was soon transported into a realm of relaxation and bliss. The news came when I was awaken from my trance by a on the door. It seems my snoring had the guests next door and my session was cut short. No matter, more poolside time with Companion awaited and more frothy cocktails. Unfortunately, upon return to my chaise lounge, I was greeted with a note. Apparently Companion and her Male Masseur hit it off and were cocktails at the Valley Ho Hotel down the street. I was definitely not invited. Well, upon reflection, the facility, service, therapist and massage were excellent. Although romance did not blossom, I did add another terrycloth robe to my closet, albeit with a Mango Margarita stain. [SEP]
5	Treated some clients to Pea Bakery items and they them! I got the PB & J cookies , Mojito cookies and Rum macaroons. that they are not the run of the mill flavors.The shop is adorable, it's actually really big-- surprisingly big! The employees are really and personable and that is always and welcoming, especially when trying something/some place new. They even gave me a you card to put with the cookies. I will definitely be going back for more! [SEP]
5	It's the best! Downstairs, hanging at the bar, you can't beat it! The food is EXCELLENT!!! [SEP]
4	I had the fruits of the forest flavor and really it. Staff was very helpful. Will definitely be coming back. [SEP]
5	Well, this place is as as it gets. Family owned and awesome. You know how at some mexican places the beans and rice are an afterthought? Not here. They are the I have ever had, yes even in mexico. The food is and the service is exceptional. Too they are closed Sundays. The queso is the I have ever had. I could keep going but you get the picture. Go there, order and eat, you will not be disappointed. [SEP]
2	Went for dinner on a Sat. night. I made reservations 1 week in advance and when my friend and I arrived to check in for our table, we were handed a pager and told we could go STAND in the bar area seeing as how there was no place to sit and have a cocktail. Not real sure why I to make the reservation. About 40 min later we were taken to our table where there was NO ONE else seated at first for the Teppan cooking.Kind of a bummer. About another half and hour and more people were seated. It's only about 10 pm now and my friend is literally starving. The bar area is a joke. Maybe I just don't go to Scottsdale often but are these people serious?? There were maybe 4 guys under 25. The rest were in their mid to late 40's. The women were about the same age probably but wore outfits they thought we wouldn't know how old they were if we just focused on the sparkly sequined shirt and puffy skirts. Or as my friend said, are these ladies re-living prom night or what?? Anyway, food OF COURSE is so over priced and where you think you might get 4 of an appetizer, you get 2. Nothing real special about this place. Once you look beyond the decor and focus on the scene, service and food-Thanks, I will go to Hon Machi!! [SEP]
2	I would rather go to Benihana to be honest. I have been here a few times because its so but has never been it in the end. I have eaten here and had dinner to go it always takes forever and it is not I expect if theres no atmosphere or really food would make up for it. I have not gotten from the sushi here but lets just say I didnt feel so after eating here the last time. I looooove sushi and its to say that I wont be back here but I'd rather drive a bit farther and skip running the risk. [SEP]
1	One star is far more than they deserve. The owner of the property spent an amount of time barking out reminders of hotel policy, was to guests and his staff. The stay here felt more being in with the warden constantly in your face. People in the group that stayed were locked out of the room by management, forced to pay made up fines. The owner the entire experience. If this is how customers are treated, this place won't be around long. [SEP]
3	the view is obvious. I mean - it is decently high up and gives you a view of downtown but, I don't know - the view from the Arizona Club is better. We went here after watching a show at the Herberger and I was expecting some high class dining that that is exactly what I got. The service matched the price tag which was to see but the restaurant itself was disappointing. Not only did they not have Coke or rum but they let Ashley A order a prime rib and then told her they were all out. I had the shrimp and they were excellent. The sauce around them was really and they were resting on a piece of toast disguised as a crostini. I also had a few bites of the lava cake but since it was buried under a pound of powered sugar, I couldn't eat any more.I guess I just agree with Beth S's review...I'm just not seeing what justifies the price. The District in the Sheraton next door is a restaurant in a hotel that has food that is priced than this. Plus, the view there isn't half bad. [SEP]
2	Definitely a place where the precedes the actual experience.It's it's trying to be Binkley's, and it's not even in the same ballpark.We were there on a THU night, and the place was dead. Still, it seemed to take 30 minutes between courses. Which is fine, if you have some bread or bouche between. Which you don't at Posh. So, you eat your tasting portion in 4 minutes, then you sit there for another 26. By the time the 3rd course came of our 5th course meal at hour one and a half, we were all tired, bored, and no longer hungry. We ended up asking our last course to be wrapped, as we were that turned off.What really me on the food, however, was the foie gras. An extra $15 supplement - which is fine, as I think it's always it for foie gras. We were presented a plate with size piece of foie gras, in a fruit coulis, and what looked a brulee crust on one side. It looked amazing. And was, if I stopped at eye appeal. Unfortunately, Chef decided to go way off the grid, and serve it COLD. I'm not talking room temp, I'm talking refrigerator cold. If you are a foie gras fan, then you know this is eating a square of lard. It was impalitable. Imagine being served a lump of shortening on a plate, because this is what foie gras tastes like. I the surprise aspect of the courses, and I the fact you can tell them what you and don't to start, but ultimately, I see now why it's to know exactly what you're getting in advance. It took me about 10 minutes to figure out why the whole concept of fails. The dining experience starts when you're by a menu, and sit in anticipation of what you've ordered. When you have no expectations, it's to get excited. By the time the plate is dropped and the server is telling you how your fluke is in a mascerated lima bean sauce with a marigold flower garnish and buttermilk glaze, you're not really into the ingredients, and just want to eat. I had to ask my server to repeat every course I was served at least twice - lol.Perhaps if I hadn't been by Binkley's, that has an menu that changes daily, and you pick from 4-7 courses BUT you are given about 6-8 bouche (and bread which is served French style with choices) between courses, I suppose I would have been more with Posh. But not by much... [SEP]
4	One of the malls on the west side, what am I saying the only mall on the west side!!!Good line up of the same old shops... spencers, petpad, sears, macys, kitchen store, but also the addition of dicks sporting goods and forever 21. They have a food court, starbucks, movie theater and a chevy's!!!This was also the site of the sniper hijack of an armored car November 28, 1994 as seen on City Confindetial. Was a episode, watching. But its not an mall some of the malls west of I17. [SEP]
3	When you walk into Sky Harbor, you are bombarded with declarations that it's the country's friendliest airport. Huh. What does this mean? User-friendly? in a you'll always feel at home here way? Didn't really know, but it seems extremely to their PR group, since when you sign on for the wi-fi, you can't change pages until you rate how the airport is from a drop down menu. It might be doing a by proclaiming it as the superlative of congeniality. Expectations run high -- at least by me. I found the wi-fi extremely friendly. Yeah!! Star for that. I found the den-like check in area (at least in Terminal 3), not so as it left me feeling a little depressed. The TSA officer who confiscated my 4 oz (apparenly it's 3.4 oz in PHX) Neutrogena sun screen not so friendly...but not malicious, and I guess I wouldnt be so if I were charged with monitoring tenths of ounces hour after hour. The spoke-security system I found to be not so to both users and retail. I never seeing a plethora of places to purchase items BEFORE security, leaving you with only a few outlets for you to browse in your little concourse. I wondering, what do gates 1-14 get to purchase? Is my concourse more vacant than the others? Just put security before ALL the retail and let us wander a bit. Overall, not a airport. at all. the friendliest? i don't know, but the wi-fi certainly made me leave with a on my face! [SEP]
4	It was early on a Saturday, was greeted by the bartender, who was the only person serving the bar area. We dat ourselves and were quickly met for our drink order, beers were 2 bucks for 26oz drafts (nice!) my partner ordered the pizza, it was and tasting, I had the waitress order me whatever she wanted! I doing this from time to time to see their knowledge of the menu. food and a place to watch the game.... [SEP]
5	This is the buffet in Az. HUGE from veggie dishes, fish, shrimp, mussels, and even sushi. The quality of food is very too. One thing I have learned is when looking for Asian food, look inside! This place is always full of asian folks so you know its good. Just sayin'. For a buffett, they have a really staff. There is a shrimp dish with a cream sauce that is amazing. It is more than most asian buffets but the extra few bucks. I eat here at least once every couple weeks. [SEP]
1	NOOOO!!! Don't think about it!!!!Had my windshield replaced by these schmucks. The tore up the interior of my car, and a speaker cover. I had to call them about replacing the cover thrice, they finally did, and then I found out that there was a HUGE air in the corner. They never fixed the interior trim.They sent out the same first to plug the leak, and they ended up a ton of clips for a covering on my car, the windshield wiper covers, and DOUSING my tweeter in water. I called immediately after they left and got by a manager because he just had hip surgery (why is this my fault?!) and couldnt come until a week out!Whatever incentives they offer are not the craftsmanship and service. I am exploring my options with a lawyer, and have reported them to BBB. [SEP]
4	My partner and I went on a Living Social coupon, and we really it. She had the Fish Tacos and I had the Chicken Tacos. Both of us felt that the salsa on the table was too spicy. With so many reviews here and other places about the too salsa, you'd think they'd cut it back a bit. Anyway, that was the only thing we didn't like. The homemade chips were fantastic.The service was on the ball and the food was fresh. As an aside,I don't know why they opened at Esplanade. Management there is supposed to be and there are that the theater will be closing. Houstons has already moved out, Pizza Picazzo closed. But Fuego Tacos is a addition to the neighborhood. Let's hope that this merchant and others who remain at Esplanade can convince management to take care of the coming out of the septic and fix the elevators when they every week. This restaurant deserves a community that will and it. job Fuego Tacos. [SEP]
4	Went to Cricket Pavilion to see Jack Johnson- 10/10/2010..Great show- venue. It was WAY that on this show- staff came around and handed out green recycle bags for your cans and bottles! Only Jack!! More artiest should take note!! Had some drinks in the parking lot before the show- a few tailgaters were around us, crowd overall with no hassles.There is no way that they should have any shows there between June to August! God the weather and it cooled down.. you get that many people together dancing around and it generates some heat!Typical venue prices.. HIGH! $10 - $14 mixed drinks.. $8 - $14 beers..They had Pabst Blue Ribbon Tall Boys for $11!!! HA! you can score a case of PBR for $11!!NUTSHELL- show, weather, crowd..Free parking is awesome!!If I had to see a Rock'n Metal Fest in the middle of summer there- I Wouldn't!! [SEP]
5	This place is great!!! They grow alot of the food they use and if they do not grow, they buy it local!!! The food tastes great...don't forget to get a milkshake. It is also a place to sit and eat outside, nice! [SEP]
3	Mixed reviews from my husband and I:His comments: * Salad was - we had the spinach & Gorgonzola salad. * Pizza was really good, but too expensive. Plus, it was the type so you wouldn't expect to pay that much.* Wait staff - not good. * Ambiance - nice. Has a NY type of feeling.* Too to go backMy comments: * Salad had too much dressing. It was with the balsamic stuff. I don't soppy lettuce.* Pizza was just ok. It was served to us quickly considering that the place was packed. However, it was not hot. Plus, we had to wave our server down to ask her to heat it up. She didn't seem very with us and did not offer an apology for the pie. After all, this place is called Pie. * Wait staff - Not good. Not very forthcoming with the menu and only seemed to be interested in getting the ordering over with.* The staff should be to ask the customer if everything is ok after the food is served. That never happened. Even when she brought over the check we got nothing. * Ambiance - too and dark! Tables and chairs are packed tight in this place so plan to share your space with others not in your party. * Definitely not going back. We paid $34 plus tip for a small Cesar salad, pizza with three toppings, drink and glass of wine. Too much money for some Si's food. [SEP]
4	Unlike other airports I've been in where your options for food are your massive conglomerate chain restaurants McDonald's and Burger King, Sky Harbor has a array of more local, higher quality restaurants for you to choose from (e.g., La Grande Orange, Olive and Ivy, Barrio Cafe), as as some healthier choices compared to eating a burger and fries (e.g., Bakery). There are a lot of parking options, whether you choose the airport's own parking lot or private lots that provide shuttle service. I also the wi-fi, it definitely helps whittle the time away while you are waiting for your flight! [SEP]
5	I now have a sixth Sens for Asian tapas- a genre I never knew existed. I always assumed the tapas disappeared when Aaron May sauteed Sol Y Sombra's last batch of butter-marinated brussels sprouts! Well, I was when I hit up the ultra-cool Sens Asian Tapas & Sake on a Thursday night. Guests are greeted by electric blue lights, neon pink lotus light fixtures and beats courtesy of a hipster DJ, which transport the hungry to an intoxicating, fluorescent experiens filled with sauces, sakes, and spicy flavors they probably don't even know about yet. I tried three items:Wasabi Tofu- Hot, in every Sens of the word. Wasabi and 300-degree tempura crusties have the ability to you to your soul if you aren't careful. Don't skip it, just poke it with a chopstick or on it first. White Juice and Vodka- Just Japanese candy exchange students brought home in high school, it's one of those flavors most Americans will never have the opportunity to try. Light and sweet, but not overly so, it's a blend you can sip all.night.long. (I did!)The best, by far, is the & Soup. It's nothing the kind you get for .99 at Chinese restaurants as an appetizer. A Bilbo Baggins-ey cauldron arrives with a wooden ladle- among the various veggies and disc-shaped noodles is your choice of meat- I chose clams. I've always heard you can truly tell how a chef is by how tasty his soup is, and would have to agree. There's nothing to hide behind, and you're confronted by flavor. It was complex, different and mouthwatering.The whole Sens-ation was so genius, I even got past the of Chef Johnny Chu snorting in my face for taking pics of my meal on my iPhone. [SEP]
4	I this arena...maybe I am since I am a diehard Suns fan and a downtown resident, but it really is a facility. The Suns games are always put together...great announcer, dancers, entertainment, and concessions.I attended the last game of the season in a suite Wednesday night and was with the space and the food...actually quite good! [SEP]
5	I have a serious Banana Republic problem. Rewind time to about three years ago when I bought my first dress from BR. I had just gotten my first full time real job after finishing college and I needed a wardrobe to match my new position. It is now three years later and I have probably close to twenty dresses from BR. The only I have is they leave me darn broke, so when I heard BR had a factory store I was stoked! So last weekend I my husband, sister and niece down to Anthem to check this place out.It was crowded, but the prices of the items definitely make up for it. That is, when you find something buying. The selection of items is a little weird, and you have to fight with many other women to get into the racks with the stuff. But I managed to find two 100% cotton dresses that are both casual and at the same time. Priced originally at $80 with a markdown to $40 on the rack, they also had a 25% off sale on these particular items that day. So I scored two dresses originally totaled for $160 for $60. Sounds a deal to me. I wish they had more colors, except that would have been for my credit card cause I am sure I would have ended up buying them all. My husband also scored two pairs of jeans, two cotton shirts, and three pairs of boxers for under $100. I can see myself making the 50 minute drive down here at least four times a year to see what new stuff comes in. My dress collection is going to get larger this year, I can tell you that. Also, if you sign up online for the factory store you can get coupons for extra % off your total purchase. So your discounted items just got even more discounted. [SEP]
2	In Short: Long lines, menu, and a full of dollars ........ for a dog?I guess I never bought into the whole gourmet dog fad, and probably never will. I've heard my coworkers talk about the dogs, and on more than one occasion seen astronomical lines at the counter, so I thought why not, it had to be good, right?Talk about sticker shock, and only for a single dog? Very indeed, on of that, they managed to complicate a simple dog. Various types of meats and topping options were a bit confusing, not because there were too many choices, but because non of them were really explained. A little for a first timer customer. The dogs themselves are not bad, but I think you'd have to a complete to up a dog. I still don't get whats so about it, definitely way too overpriced, won't go again. They can keep their wieners and shove it! [SEP]
3	So I was meeting some friends here last night for drinks for a friend's birthday. We were supposed to meet at 9:30 but it was around 10:30 when we actually got to the bar. We walked in and had our IDs checked and then stood around awkwardly...I'm not sure why this happened, but after a few minutes we were asked if we needed a table. Yup...that's why we're here. So we were seated near the bar. The place is large and the decor is fine, but the music they were playing was mainly from the 90's and made the place seem less 'hip' I guess, not that I know much about being hip. We waited for about 5 minutes for anyone to acknowledge us. The waiter finally came by and took our drink order. I got the agave basil margarita ($8.50) which was soooo good! I was very with the drink. The Birthday Girl got a blueberry bliss... which wasn't what she was expecting. I tried it and thought it was good, but it was definitely more wine than a mixed drink. The others got beers. So the real problem, for me at least, was my second drink. I got a tropical margarita ($7.00). It was one of the drinks I have ever had and was a challenge to drink. It was SO acidic and just nasty, I swear the two drinks could not have come from the same place...but they did. That's a huge red flag for me.Side note: Why do restaurants think it's to not price their signature drinks....why should I have to ask how much it costs? I find this completely and annoying. The drinks didn't end up being very here, but I feel I should have that information to me on the menu just any other item.... *ok steps off soapbox*As far as food goes, one of my friends got a side of fries that were and came with bbq sauce, but other than that we did not eat. I have heard things about their food from other people. After we were done with our second round of drinks (and the fries) we decided to move on to another bar.....but we couldn't because we had no check! Our waiter, who had been almost harassing us towards the beginning of our night, had completely disappeared. He finally came by 10-15 minutes later and reeked of cigarettes....there is no way he only smoked one because I could almost taste it...pretty for a waiter. Anyway, our checks were brought quickly after that and we were finally able to leave. Conclusion: Be very careful what you order....it is a total mixed bag. [SEP]
4	I went to Blanco Tacos + Tequila in Scottsdale with my family for my birthday dinner. This is another one of Sam Fox's restaurants, and it serves up Mexican fare. Our party of five all got a ton of food that definitely required to-go boxes throughout the meal.The atmosphere at Blanco totally didn't surprise me, considering it's a Fox eatery. There was the open kitchen, huge hanging lights, centrally located bar and airy feel. It was and dimly lit with candlelight, but there were televisions throughout broadcasting football games. It was a mix of casual and fancy, making it the type of place where it's acceptable to go and just down a couple margaritas, or have a dinner date.I started with the Blood Orange Margarita ($9), which you should get with salt even though it's a little sweet. It was a drink, and the wasn't overpowering.For my meal, I started with the housemade guacamole to go with our tasty chips and spicy salsa, then had cheese enchiladas and finished with a Tres Leche cake. The guacamole was so amazing, other people at the table were also inspired to order it for their starter. I really the cheese enchiladas, but, as my mom pointed out, they're more in that they're not smothered and with cheese. Instead, they're covered in an creamy ancho sauce. I guess I traditional cheese enchiladas, but there was still a ton of cheese inside the tortillas that made me happy.The cake was really interesting. Someone compared it to a bread pudding, since it was really crumbly and wet because it was drenched in a milky sauce. I it, but it was too to finish.Altogether, I thought the meal was an deal. I would definitely go back for the ambiance and tasty take on Mexican food. [SEP]
5	I just had my first Tammie Coe cake last week for my birthday, and I will NEVER be the same again. I don't normally eat cake, in fact, if it's not Brownies, I don't eat it. But this cake drew me in with it's fondant. From there, I got in the spongy of the cake. A cornicopia of flaverful goodness.So make a metal note to yourself, I will only eat Brownies and Tamie Coe cakes.Oh, and special thanks to Arts G (previous review) for telling me what the fondant is. I was just calling it sheet frosting. [SEP]
4	While I don't to places up (because really, how can any one place be) ...How can one burger joint be over another, or how can pizza be over another pizza place (when weighing the ones that are all generally in the Public Opinion). Now the word around town is that The is Sofa_King Great. I will say about The that when you're up for a Burger, this place hits the spot. I've been here once before August 2010 (don't remember what burger I had but recall it was good) and the other night I had the Peppercorn Burger and it was as as it gets. I was starving and really hadn't eaten all day and that add to how much this hit the spot, but make no mistake, it was really and I do this place for the atmosphere, service, and quality of food. My friends wife got one of those wraps and she it a lot. The potato fries (we ordered the half potato and half regular fries) and they were good.As for some other areas to review: The atmosphere is nice. It's casual and not too and not too light inside. (That's how I it). There's multiple flat panel TV's above the bar, so plenty of games on at any given time (That's also how I it). The service is (although based on some other reviews people have been so so about the service. That's often going to be the case with most casual establishments - so sometimes it's good, and sometimes not to our satisfaction). Such is Life! Anyway, back on track here, the Wait staff and Bar staff have been the 20% tip both times. No by me about this place, however I do see some 2 and 3 star ratings on here. Where I will dock 1 star and sort of agree with Kristi D. She mentioned the large photo of Sheriff Joe Arpaio on the wall (while I sense that Kristi doesn't care for Sheriff Joe, I'm neutral about him), but I agree about all the oversized photos of notable names in town who have dined in The Grind. I'd much rather see real artwork or real photographs on the wall - and not photos of Sheriff Joe, Mark (for those who don't know, he's a former baseball player), and the Mayor of Valley, all holding their burgers. Who the cares about any of them and their burgers. I think I'd be more ok with having these photos above me, but they are HUGE enlargements and a bit overkill. And they are for sale and the proceeds go to some cause. Look, I'm all for causes and shit, but I wouldn't spend my money on a 36 inch enlargement of these local notables holding a burger. The whole concept is stupid. But hey, I'm generally uptight and been doing photography 20+ years and probly am just on the fact that my photos are hanging on the wall. Side Note: For those who might have previously had The on Facebook but no longer have their page as a Like, it's because they apparently had their group page hacked, so they had to start over. I found this out when I it the other day noticed there were only about 165 Like's, and certainly I knew this place was way more than that. When I commented that, they commented back about it being hacked and starting the page over.http://www.facebook.com/thegrindarcadia [SEP]
4	Yum, Jersey Mike's! I freakin' their wheat bread with the little specks of... I don't know what it is but it's very good. The mini sandwich looks tiny when you first see only the bread but after it's decked out and rolled up, it becomes a sized sandwich. I've tried different sandwiches here... turkey, club (both kinds), italian and cheesesteak and them all. There's something about that oil and vinegar they it off with in the end that seals the deal. Other places do that too, but Idk here it just tastes better.Sometimes I ask for the chipotle mayo instead of the regular and it's quite yummy with a little added spice. Also, I that they carry Pepsi products. I it than Coke. And they have Cherry Pepsi, too :) [SEP]
5	This place is our go to mexican place. I the sauce and you can't go with the Fundido sauce on the burritos. I personally the Chicken Fajito Chimi with Fundido sauce. It could possibly be the thing there to eat (and I it). For the healthier days, I the Pollo Salad. The chicken is always here. [SEP]
4	place with food. Shrimp burrito - tasty. [SEP]
4	How can you not Westgate??? They really do have it all for everyone!!! Plenty of places to get a bite to eat. A few places you can are Southwest Moes, Margarita, Johnny Rockets, Ocean Blue, Stone, a new pizza place that slips my mind, and so much more. If you want BBQ, yogurt, burgers, steak, or what ever else makes you say yum...they have it! If you have the to shop, they can your every need! I always pop in to Just Sports to see what they have for my Valley team...Go Coyotes!!! Speaking of entertainment! They have it all... a huge AMC movie complex, first class Jobbing.com Arena (Phoenix Coyotes NHL hockey, concerts, and more), UPS next door for Cards football, and conventions. Plenty of quenching bars, and one certain days of the week, live music in the splash pad area in front of AMC. As if you need more...WG is clean, safe, to get to from any place in the Valley, and plenty of parking! I am not the only one who this place. Every time my family gets visitors from New York come in, WG is always a must stop! [SEP]
4	low priced food. the fries! the Buffalo wings, spicy chicken sandwich, chili cheese fries, of burgers. service. I fight the urge to stop in almost daily! [SEP]
5	food. Highly recommend. Had gyros platter . portions and meat. Check out their spices and other food stuff. Got couscous very cheap. [SEP]
2	Not impressed. Start with the service. Not professional. It seemed as though the wait staff was as to the table numbers. We were given the table's order twice. Second, the food was conceptually a mess. No theme or flavor profiles. The food was heavy, and took forever to arrive. None of the dishes were memorable. Third, the wine selection seemed to be lacking. And, the sommelier didn't know where the wine was from she was serving. Not impressed. [SEP]
5	One of our restaurants in the Valley! We go here about once a month. Some of my dishes are the whole fish, salt and pepper shrimp, Pho with everything in it, Spring rolls, Shrimp/Pork over rice noodles, and the Seafood over egg noodles. We also have the Vietnamese coffee as our dessert! YUM! [SEP]
4	I Fez. I have been coming here for years. The food is always and there is something for everyone on their menu. One negative: the service is mediocre. It can be quite hit or miss, and sometimes the servers are just plain slow. One suggestion: the menu could use an update. The dining options have been much the same for years, and it would be to mix things up a little. One more thing, I have ordered take out for groups of about 20 before...the staff and chef were to with and extremely accommodating. This is a asset on the Central corridor. [SEP]
5	this place. It's a very place to eat and always has food and service! [SEP]
5	It's a newer gym with a amount of amenities and a relatively staff. I see cleaners in the club every time I am there which I dont see a lot of at other gyms. They have a stretch room, full wet area with steam and sauna, aerobics classes, a large number of equip,etc.The evenings do get even with all the equipment, so I try to get in and out before 5 or so.All in all a spot to get a out in the area. [SEP]
4	Yum. Only wish this place was closer to my side of town so I could eat there more often. Babbo (doesn't this mean Santa in Italian?) is a neighborhood Italian food joint that gives you big, tasty portions of food for little prices.My friend and I always go here with her fam when she's in town, and I always look forward to it. The menu is filled with tons of pastas and all the regular Italian fare you'd expect to find, but they also have some great, desserts.They have this apple calzone that is so good, but the only is that it takes forever to cook. Order it while you're still eating your dinner so you won't be sitting there for another 30 minutes waiting on it. They also have a huge half baked cookie dessert kinda the one at Oregano's. And while it's not as good, it comes close. The desserts are ginormous, so sharing is best. [SEP]
4	this place since I was a kid. Stopped eating meat three years ago, so I the Rice and Carnitas and Emerald Chicken, BUT the Veggie Quesadilla with black beans and white rice is with their tasty red salsa.Always customer service and it's that they let you taste everything before you commit. They should lighten their footprint and reduce food packaging. I always feel when I leave with all that aluminum and styrofoam.BTW, don't be swayed by offers of other cookies; snickerdoodles are where it's at. [SEP]
5	Finally a teriyaki bowl place that does it right. Nothing against Samuri Sam's, but Yogis is a bit in my opinion. Yogis' menu is strait forward and lists the options available. The place is and the staff is and friendly. The food is also very priced. I was very with their different bowl/plate/salad options. You are able to order some teriyaki veggies, chicken and/or beef much however you want it. Extra meat, over lettuce, over veggies, brown rice, white rice, etc. Anyway, when I visit a place this my desires are simple. I want a portion of not-overly-sauced white meat chicken over a bunch of veggies. That's it. Yogis delivers this and then some. [SEP]
4	This mall is HUGE for a mall this big I think they should have more directories but nope they want me to get in this mall.This mall has plenty of stores and a bunch of designers, you can probably find something for everywhere here whether you want a coach bag or a bag at forever 21. I especially how the Sur La Table here had a cooking class going on and you can see the kitchen as you walked around the store. There were plenty of food options and so many stores here that it was to get lost. There was a windows store here which is a big plus since I have never been there. Even though I personally didn't find anything here for me there was still a big wide variety. [SEP]
5	venue! The bartenders are nice- the drinks are excellent. The lounge is an place to out (best downtown spot?!) even if you aren't going to the show! shows in the lounge! Now let's talk about the main reason you would go there- THE MUSIC! And the venue itself is awesome! The sound is great! The ROOM IS GREAT! It was designed by someone who knew what concert goers want- an experience with sound. And so if you have the of ALWAYS standing behind the TALLEST DUDES EVER at shows- you can now take of the bleacher seating in the back of the room or benches on the side. THERE IS NOT A SEAT IN THE HOUSE! What is left to say ? GET THERE! [SEP]
5	I have been to every ballpark in the Cactus League and know my way around them all. This is, by far, the facility in all of Spring Training (that includes the Florida parks). Granted, I am a Dodger fan and we get it than the 'Sox do, but it is still amazing.Camelback Ranch is the brand new, state of the art, spring training facility for the Dodgers and White Sox. The Sox moved from Tucson because Tucson is the literally SO that even people from CHICAGO won't stay there. The park is located just south of the Glendale Airport and much only has one way in or out - 111th Ave. You can avoid Camelback Rd by taking Indian School to 111th and then just drive into the stadium.The grounds feature 13 practice fields and a giant lake and river that also help irrigate the fields. While the White Sox practice fields and clubhouse entry are blocked off from the public, the Dodgers' are wide open and inviting. Players must walk through the crowds during practices which invited lots of interaction with the fans. The field is and the layout of the stadium is quite impressive. Not only do they have a full Jumbotron but they also feature fully enclosed suites and a full buffet for those to shell out $90 per game. That price gets you seats behind home, access to food, wine, beer, soda, and sweets. It also gets you exclusive merchandise as as towels to help you off. It sounds a lot but it turns out to be the money.The grass seats have a slope to them (much Scottsdale) and the seat aisles are wide. The food selection is without Dodger Dogs, however. The stadium is also missing the independent food vendors that Maryvale and Peoria feature. A stadium and surely one to visit every March. [SEP]
5	I was introduced to SanTan Brewery two years ago on a very cold, winter evening. My cousin knew I would in with this place, simply because I just craft beer.He was surely because I visit SanTan three times a week because I simply cannot get of their beer selection. It's an adventure every time I go. The staff is not because they're very and friendly, but they have the same and for craft as I do, so relating to them in that makes the experience fantastic.I normally do not engage in writing reviews on websites this, simply because I personally tell the management team my regards but I will for this because people really do need to experience the joys this brewery has to offer. SanTan is the new level of drinking and dining experience. It's relaxed, environment and you can start a conversation with anyone there. reading this review, go try it out yourself. [SEP]
5	Scottsdale Fashion Square is the king of shopping centers in Arizona. It's and it maintains it's crown through constant improvements, expansions, and new stores. Empty stores are rare. Try that on for size, PV mall. The food court is decent, but a wide of restaurants surround the mall, providing the shopper with an endless amount of stores, and a selection of places to eat. Scottsdale Fashion Square aims to please the most critical, and goes above and beyond all expectations. [SEP]
4	I Kona for their American menu but skip the sushi! I ordered a Vegas roll a long time ago and it was horrible! I vowed to never come back until my friend Danielle told me that they have other items on the menu salads, sandwiches, pasta, and burgers. I caved in and agreed to meet her for lunch at Kona. We shared some cheese and bacon fries. I ordered chicken pesto pasta and she ordered a club sandwich. A friend met up with us while we were having lunch and they gave him a huge slice of red velvet cake for his birthday! service and food. What more can you ask for? I am now a huge fan of Kona and I can't wait to come back! [SEP]
4	ok so i just read a few other reviews and i must comment on them first.The reason the portions are small people is because they are all appetizers.if you want heaping mounds of onion rings, go to Fridays.the atmosphere is amazing. it isn't trying to to be you just don't know what is. it's okay. we all get old eventually.i actually asked a little about the lotus lamp shades. they said owner had them made in china and they are absolutely stunning.onto the food. DELICIOUS!!i've been there twice now and my favorites arecurry chicken wingswasabi chickenand the bacon wrapped mushrooms.if you're still hungry, ask for a side of rice and pour the remnants of your curry sauce all over it and lick the bowl clean. finger lickin good. [SEP]
3	Ok, I usually write longer more reviews about a restaurant but for this new establishment I will summerize.1. decor and ambience; would be minus the flat screens2. service; but needs more training with food and knowledge of 3. Timing of Kitchen; if a table has two or more persons, food should come out at the same time or around the same time. Especially when they are not sharing.4. Food; if you specialize in spring rolls, please make sure they are rolled up proficiently. It needs to be tight, not loose:) Flavors are good, but there could be a variation of sauce for the spring rolls. 4 rotating flavors for over 20 rolls is not a ratio.5. Pricing is not for some items, but I do agree with other reviews that for most items, the pricing is a little high for the neighborhood biz and the quality of food offered.Overall, place to with friends for a drink and nibble before the actual dinner somewhere else.I will give it a few more months for an update. This place has potential, but not executed. When opening a restaurant, you should be and able to. If you are not, you should wait til the staff is trained. I believe the owner or chef is inexperience. Hopefully, it will improve...Get to guys!! [SEP]
1	Last night on my way home from I figured I would pick up some dinner for me and my wife who is taking care of our newborn all day and has little time to cook for us. I ordered chicken limone the menu says serves two to three and we don't eat a lot so I figured it would fill us up. The price was 18.99 but I figured in a family style Italian place and we should have plenty of food. I was handed my bag and I was sure it was the order because it was so light so I checked it in the car and was shocked. I see three small pieces of chicken in a big container with a small piece of bread and that's it! So I figured they just forgot the pasta and went back in and asked the hostess and she said yes it comes with it then said no after thinking about it. So how can they justify that price? It was so small there was no way it would feed 2 people so I had to cook pasta at home and then reheat our chicken in the microwave.I in the service industry for years and this place is a joke! FYI just because there's people with money who live near your restaurant doesn't mean you can tailor your food prices to their income level without delivering value.........if you sell in the neighborhood that same should be priced the same in a neighborhood....same different place.No value means customers .... [SEP]
4	The more times I visit my son, the more sports bars I get introduced to in the phoenix area. If nothing else, I know my son doesn't go to dive sports bar. This is another sports bar he introduced to mom and dad. We went to lunch on A Saturday 01-07/12 around 1pm.The restaurant was not crowded, a light crowd on a sunny 70 degree? Phoenix day. My son was meeting some people in the area, so my wife and I had a light lunch and he met us afterwards. What we hadLunch size Ahi Crunch and french onion soup with salad and Iced Green Tea. That was it for my wife and I. Total plus tax $23.70. We weren't very Hungry this day.As others have said, if you want beer, lots of and want to come back every day for for two years and never repeat your beer order, this is the place to visit. If you want to have a party for the football season, or any type of sporting event, have it here, they offer a of party platters, and it's not your regular wings and potatoe skins and veggies and cheese thingys. Party platters offered:Moo shu egg rolls, Seared Rare Ahi Sashimi, Thai Chicken Noodle, Penne with Chicken and apple cobbler just to name a few items. A place this, I could get use to going whether or not there's a sporting event going on. I read there is at least one in Denver Colorado area if not two. I will definitely check it out.Our server was very and it was very relaxing to sit out on the patio for lunch. We will definitely come back to the yard house, whether it's here or in Denver to see further what Yard House has to offer [SEP]
4	I have been craving some soul food for quite some time, so I kicked and screamed til someone finally took me to Lolo's. After memorizing the menu for weeks, I knew I wanted the Baby Ray. So we go in and I was that they had a band playing some grooves. I jammed out a lil while waiting for about 10 minutes. We were seated in a lil half booth/table combo and had a huge jar of koolaid and tea delivered to us. Yum! I starting getting the biggest sugar rush halfway through the wait. When my food did arrive, I was presented with two waffles bigger than my face, 3 big pieces of chicken smothered in gravy and onions to fill a whole gravy boat. The chicken was spectacular, really flavor and crisp(when not soaked in gravy, get it on the side?). Gravy was as well. The waffles were alright, I can't say I am the biggest waffle fan, but the subtle cinnamon flavor was nice. I think the waffles could have been in my opinion. I am kicking myself for not trying the grits and collared greens or the red velvet cake. I could not finish my second waffle though, so much food, couldn't even think. The service was probably a B-. The hostess was bubbly and sweet. Our server was busy and a little maybe. The server gave us the change and seemed to not believe that she had. Waiting for the correction was longer than average for sure. Overall, though, I had a time, way to end my weekend. [SEP]
2	Ugh.I used to this place.But I've gotten over it.I find the food to be uninspired, and below average.Blah. [SEP]
1	Music was as shit. The food, Jesus Christ the food. ass chips and salsa. No joke, 8 chips were on the plate. Salsa was probably one of the I've had, no flavor at all and warm. Salads come out (I'm assuming this is why I've been puking). right, lettuce. Waiter let's us know they can make daughter a little quesadilla (cheese only) which comes out so greasy. Our taco plates come out 10 minutes later. 2 tacos on each plate that are flavorless and luke at best. Yes, they are spicey, no that does not mean they are flavorful. I'm literally using my cell phone to see what was on the plate it's so dark. Mint water was warm. and not whatsoever. My daughter's quesadilla was $13, yes for 2 tortillas smaller than my hand and some 'cheese'. I get it- make a dollar, but damn, don't your customers off. So over the lame. Neither my husband nor myself finished. Meal was $46. Horrible. Health department should go temp that place- I'm not sure the refrigeration is working properly. Such a disappointment, I've been a vegetarian for 18 years- was looking forward to a new spot. Won't be returning. Ever. [SEP]
5	I have memories that make my mouth water. My mother calls me everytime she passes through Phoenix to ask me where this place is. She tells her friends in Los Angeles to come here if they have business or family trips to Phoenix. They all rave after their experience. The fry bread house is as as it gets. Indian tacos, fry bread with sugar, and oh my god--the red chili stew. I think I just drooled a little on my keyboard. The place does get a little during meal times, but we used to take ours to go and sit in the park after a bike ride down Central and picnic away and then do our to ride it off afterwards so we weren't wallowing in the of our deep pleasures. Make sure they are open before you make the trek, they have hours. [SEP]
3	The new leaner breakfast sandwiches are (they basically take the bottom and of the bagel and you are left with smaller ends of your sandwich). An way to cut calories without the taste. [SEP]
5	Culinary is a place to eat! The interior is very rocker complete with stage for bands, and yummy food, with an array of beers and food! If you decide to go (which I don't know why you wouldn't ) try their monkey bread for dessert, it is to for! [SEP]
4	Thanks to Yelp I was able to read they charge extra for the gas before out on the people at the fron on my way out. The staff was extreemly and even told me there was one open spot close to the front. They were there to pick me up before I had my trunk open. The ride was and direct. As long as the car is there when I return this place rocks! [SEP]
4	Headed downtown to the soon-to-be-new-office with the boss today and had lunch here - he's lived in Phx for decades and this place (although he hadn't been there in many years). I got a Sicilian. Absolutely - the sesame bread looked it would be hard/crunchy but it was and tasty. If I had to offer up any it would be 1) the fact that it inexplicably took something 10 mins to make our sandwich - it just looked it had been toasted, nothing else I could think of should have made it take that long, and 2) the sandwich was too small *8-) My mistake, of course. I got a whole, and could easily have downed two of those. Taste it's equivalent IMO to the all-American grinder at Uncle Sam's, except with the latter you can also get jalapenos. Will definitely return here once our office shifts downtown, but next time I'll get a sub and a half, methinks!PS: Parking? The boss just parked his Ram 2500HD and toy trailer around the corner on the street in front of someone's house. No and no parking meters. (shrug) [SEP]
5	As a massage therapist I normally would rather have a massage than get adjusted, that was before Dr. Hunt came to town. I him implicitly, and the techniques he uses are amazing. I take my four year old to see him too, who always greets Dr. Hunt and Larissa with big hugs. Highly this office, truly feels family [SEP]
3	I am not in with this place nor do I it.I am Mr. Middle-of-the Road with Stacy's.Somethings he does very well, others are just so-so.Here are the Do's and Don'ts-DO-Order a potato pie to go. That happens to rock the house!Have the pulled pork sandwich. sandwich.DONT--Do not and I mean DO NOT order the chicken BBQ sandwich. I ordered this a couple months ago and I could have used the shredded chicken as toothpicks. They were and came served in a cone-like shape on the bun. Also, skip the potato fries. They are dry and taste dirt. Yep, I said it. Stacy. Back to the drawing board on those.The sauce is everything at a BBQ joint and his is just OK. Actually, I have had in a store-bought bottle from AJs.If you are in the area, go for it. If you live out in Glendale, it's probably not the drive. I am not sure what Bon Appetite was thinking when they gave this one of the 10 new BBQ joints of 2009.The lady who behind the counter is as and is a total sweetheart! BTW--CASH MONEY only! [SEP]
4	What a experience! If there is a high-end food product that you don't find at whole foods, then you may find yourself to be one of the pickiest eaters known to man. This place offers everything under the sun. For the of God they have almost 30 different types of olives!My family is new to shopping here and we to splurge a little bit. For some reason it's to know that there are 4 different kinds of ribeye and what seems to be almost 100 different types of cheeses. I guess realizing that makes me think that there won't be anything forgotten at Whole Foods. Unlike Sam's Club, Whole Foods gives samples that actually taste and almost make you grab for seconds when instead you just grab an actual wrapped portion of the product (darn, had to buy some sometime).On a 'grocery store' level, this Whole Foods gets 5 stars that's for sure. The only reason it gets knocked a star is because some Whole Foods locations offer more services to make their guests feel it is supposed to be much more than your typical grocery store. This is a location where I think the patrons would be to use everything that they had to offer if given the choice. [SEP]
5	OK guys (and gals too), I know size isn't everything, but OMG, this place has size portions and I loooove it! We ordered the calamari and the stuffed mushrooms (1/2 orders) and STILL, the servings were huge. Six big stuffed mushrooms sitting on what seemed to me to be the biggest plate I have ever seen serving an appetizer. They were and tasty, but cooled down too quickly and who can do anything about that? The calamari was decent, could have been spiced up a bit or served with something more than marinara sauce, but for those who don't a lot of fan fare with their food, this would be perfect; calamari with sauce. We the Stella Artois draft beer and martinis came out big and filled to the brim, just how I them. For our entrees we ordered the Baked Ziti and Sausage and the Rigatoni D. Both of them were absolutely fantastic...yumm. And both were HUGE. The baked ziti stayed up until we packed the rest to take home because they actually bake it in the ceramic type dish that they serve it in, very smart. For those with little ones, the kids menu is and probably the healthiest meal a kid is going to get anywhere. Nothing at this place is pre packaged or pre made and that goes for the kids meals as well. Their chicken fingers are home made (the pickiest of adults would eat these things!), no french fries; home made potatoes and broccoli florets. This is the KIDS menu! Our waiter needed to be coaxed out of his shell, but he was still in that way that the ones know how to do without intruding. leather booths, linen napkins, white table cloths with a white and red one thrown on for added warmth, elegant, but not stuffy. Guys could go in with t-shirts and dress shorts and fit in and for the ladies who to dress up, you can as with out feeling overly so.I am definitely going here again, what a find! [SEP]
5	sandwich prepared and just the way I wanted it! I'll be back for sure! to the neighborhood. [SEP]
5	I always buy my tires at Walmart, but they didn't have a tire to fit my car. They directed me to Discount Tire and told me that they actually have pricing. I went to this location and had the experience. They were very helpful, saved me money, and I was in and out in under 25 mins. I will be back again and again!!!! [SEP]
5	This is the library in the Valley and one of my places to study. The interior design, water fall, glass elevators and many other features make this the metropolitan library for our downtown. The level is and has views of the city. Quick Tip: It seems that the southern part of the building is hotter because of the sun so I always sit on the north part of the building. [SEP]
1	I've never had a time at a sonic before, except for this location. They barely speak English, they don't know their own menu, and they up my order 2 times. Come on, your job can not be that confusing... [SEP]
1	Made me and my bro sick. Tasted at first but something wasn't right. [SEP]
2	to wait in line for a guy behind the desk. The other two sales associates were too busy posing as customers in an empty store to acknowledge the one customer, me, that was there. This is a real change from some other verizon stores where somebody greets you, gives you a number, and the associates talk to customers and want you to buy their products. vibe in this store. [SEP]
1	My wife and I were looking for a particular type of rose for our garden. We called this location and asked if they had it in stock and what the price was. They said they did and quoted us a price of $24.99 for a gallon sized plant. to go. We drive there and find the rose bush but it is listed as $44.99. So we go to the front and say that we had called and driven 30 minutes to get this rose and we were told Oops...sometimes the prices on my list up front right. No sh!t Sherlock. So...will you the price quoted? NO. So we drove down the street to A And P Nursery on Baseline west of Lindsay and got the same size plant that they were selling for $44.99 for $16.99. Don't your time with these artists. [SEP]
4	(aka. TEMPE with BONNIE G, Part One of Three)I was in Tempe. I was having coffee. I was sedate. I wanted to see if anyone wanted join me and discuss Kafka or something boring. And so I called up the town's most resident to see what was goin' down.Um, YOU need to see Tempe. It is time. And I will be the one who will show it to you. Meet me at Time Out Lounge. No, wait. Meet me at Monkey Pants. Yes, Monkey Pants!And so I did. Monkey Pants! folks, but this name is nonsensically awesome. I walked in and sat myself at the round bar, joining a smattering of other patrons sitting there by themselves, each staring into nowhere in particular. drinks for $2.50, served in a standard kitchen glass. Nice! I proceeded to watch the football game and was soon joined by my Tempe tour guide.We were approached by the bartender to do discounted Patron shots....but only if we wore sombreros. There was barely anyone here on a Sunday night, and I'm of the kind who doesn't care anyway, and the thought of me and Bonnie G sitting at a stripmall bar with sombreros on is kind of and at the same time, but shots were not on my agenda for the night. Alas.I then got a royal tour of the place, including the leg lamp (actually it's two legs, not just one!), shuffleboard, pool tables, couches with a fire being played on endless loop on a big screen TV, board games and another section with tables and chairs, which is where we sat, under the painting of the teddy bear in Richard Simmons gear. Other patrons were seated all over the large space, so everyone had their own private area in a way. I actually really dug this. I'm not one who needs a place to be to myself or feel it's happening. Sitting around a fire with pints and board games with a few friends is more my speed these days anyway. So I may sound decrepit, but I'm really not that old. I swear.Sure, Monkey Pants has frat-party throughout the day, but this place has no whatsoever. How can you even take it seriously? Even it doesn't take itself seriously. I mean, it's just sitting there. In a strip mall. In Tempe. With a painting of a teddy bear wearing Richard Simmons workout gear on the wall and a stack of sombreros sitting next to a popcorn machine. Waiting for you to leave your mind behind and the now.And the now we did. All thanks to my Tempe tour guide.4 stars.(end of Part One) [SEP]
3	It's a taqueria in a Latino supermarket. Nothing special but you have choices. They will have just about everything you may like. It's not gourmet and some things are just sitting in the pans but at least you can look at what you want.I'd go back if I just needed something quick.... [SEP]
5	I'm in love. Bacon you have my heart and my stomach. After all- where else does everything come with one of my foods attached to it? Even my Mary had a slice of bacon in it along with a celery spear, olives and onions. Probably one of the Mary's I have had in awhile. The location is a little off the beaten path which is why, I think, people are lined up to get in the Breakfast Club a couple of blocks away for food, and here at Bacon- the food and service is and there was no line on the Sunday I was there. I was seated in what they call the nook located on the side where I had full view of the restaurant. The menu was organized and entrees come with toast and breakfast potatoes and your choice of a side of bacon or ham. You can also substitute tomatoes if that is your wish. The food came up quickly and was delicious! My ham and cheese omelet was done (all melted cheese and ham inside and firm eggs on the outside) and the side of bacon was and tasty. Given the size, this easily was a 4 egg omelet. Breakfast with drinks ran about $20 which was for all the food I got. But I would be remiss if I didn't talk about what really blew me away about this place. It's the service! Everyone seems to be part of a larger team. I was greeted by one person, seated by another and had at least three servers taking care of me. And countless people stopped by to ask how things were, if I needed more water for my tea, or if I wanted more preserves for my toast. It was unbelievable! While they have been open for 9 months- they had the staff of a place that has been open much longer. The ambiance is contemporary but is warmed up by the blue booths, table cloths, and some mismatched dining tables in the center that can be expanded for larger groups. There are also antique food cases lining the walls filled with tins of chocolate, and other food cues. I also that they have those roll up doors on the one side that bring the outdoors in and seats outside on those days. If I lived in Scottsdale- this would be my go to brunch place. What I don't get is why people are waiting in line at a place around the corner that left me a little cold. C'mon people. If you haven't checked Bacon out- you should. After all- what's not to about, Bacon? [SEP]
3	I truly wanted to this place! I had the shrimp/pork spring rolls and shrimp/chicken vermicelli salad - both were quite good, with the exception of the rice paper and noodles tasting they were rehydrated with unfiltered tap water (both had a taste). My husband's food, on the other hand, was terrible! He ordered #44 - the rice was extremely dry and chewy, the pork chop tasted ok, but was mostly bone and gristle, and the shredded pork was downright disgusting. [SEP]
5	What can I say ? This is awesome. I am a donut fan and would give Dunkin 4 stars, just this place. variety, coffee, donuts. The extra 1 star comes for the fluffiness of their dough. Its very fluffy and its done just right. Dunkin is but its donuts will taste a little and old when they have been sitting for a while. For some reason, the Bosa donuts dun get too hard, even after U buy and drive for 1/2 hour home. I know its not located in the part of town, but they are open 24 hrs and there is a drive thru. They accept credit cards and discover :) [SEP]
4	Ride the bulls gals and put on a show :) Just wear pants, please!! spot to get and do kinky things with cotton candy! hour specials!Extremely bartenders and huge portions of food. the money!! [SEP]
4	things to me:Paris Hilton has a career. Sarah Palin. Really. She's the new Anita Bryant. My fathers' overgrown eyebrows. Trim, daddy, trim!Droves of high schoolers leaving school just as I'm trying to find Barrio Cafe. Seriously. thousands of them. And I couldn't find the restaurant. What was I gonna do? Roll down the window (well, not roll down, seriously, who rolls down windows anymore?) and holler out in my lispy voice, Hey, squeeze me fellas, I'm going to a wine tasting at the Barrio Cafe. Y'all know where that is? Since all teenagers carry guns, yes, that me. Finally. I found it. And entered. Cute. Cozy. Middle of the day, so empty. Great, art. And a very and staff. Often times at this time of day, restaurants really drop the ball. No ball dropping here.I had La Paloma margarita which is made with a grapefruit soda. Think Squirt and Patron! And after a couple of these babies I was in el bano squirting out that Patron. Dee lish however. I ordered the Enchiladas Del Mar. Enchiladas of the Sea for my non Spanish speaking peeps. You know what? It was good. Not great. And the presentation was somewhat messy. I couldn't find the crab or the scallops (which were the size of the ends of q-tips by the way). They were in the sauce and the cheese. But I devoured it as the blue corn tortillas sang to me. My friend had a chickent torta. Big and rustic. Janet Reno. She it! I will most definitely be back. Hopefully I will not have to navigate through the plethora of pubescent people and hopefullyl I will pick that Barrio menu item that will my calcentinas off. Oh. That's my socks off. BTW. Adios for now mi yelpitas! [SEP]
3	bar with a bartender named Bob [SEP]
5	OK OK... as a Italian I hope my momma don't see this! I'm actually going to give D'moes a 5 star rating for a few reasons. Last Friday, me and my 2 brothers left the suns game, and proceed to put a few adult beverages back. At around 2am, when Haney's shut down, we had an craving for pizza (its than our normal Jack in Box at 3am run that usually ends up with someone puking in the drive thru line because the of the taco sauce is so amazing). Low and behold, the ONLY spot that was still taking orders (up to 2am!) was D'moes. Now, 1st off - I live at Summitt (by BOB). These guys delivered to me, all the way down there! Major props for that. 2 - They understood me... considering I don't remember ordering the pizza (I woke up to pizza and wings boxes all over my pad, and me saying who ordered pizza then I burped... wing sauce and vodka is a combo. 3 - apparently, after checking my voice mail, the driver was pounding on our door for about 5 minutes (we were REALLY jamming out to Rock Band, in case you don't know, were awesome. Wikipedia that Ish ladies and Gent's; Kansas City Bullriders). Well, the driver and my door man both called 3 times. I'm assuming the driver eventually came in and grabbed the bass guitar and strummed it out. Maybe he had a slice with us? Who really knows these things. However, I do know that I was with D'moes... from the left overs I ate the next when I could remember. It was darn good. Between the awesome'ness that is called their customer service and the legit taste it left in my mouth, I'm a believer, unless, if I say I'm not, will I get a commercial?... hmmmm.... Potential there.... [SEP]
1	I decided to try qwest as I was of Cox continually raising their rates.BAD CALL! Cox may cost a little more but is completely it. If I wasn't locked in to a contract I would switch back now.Internet: I signed up for their Heavy Duty internet @ 20 Mbps. I regularly test less than 2Mbps on dslreports.com. The I have ever seen is a little over 5. When I call to try and get it fixed they tell me there is no on speeds. That is why they advertise up to 20 Mbps...Phone: Extremely sound quality, very and crackling, as this is what they should be at. I called to they explained we would have to pay to have technician look at it. This was the day after install!! hint, call back and tell them you want to cancel your account. The customer group is actually decent, they sent out a tech of charge. He fixed it after a couple of hours, but acted completely put out that we wanted a line...The bundle: Ah my part and what has finally pushed me over the edge to submit a review... I went with a bundled package (phone, cable, internet). The plan I signed up for was $147 a month. The first bill was $147, the second bill in I'm at $272.43. I can't make any sense out of the bill so I'm not sure why they think i owe this much. I the fact that I will get the of another hour plus of my day tomorrow talking to these fools. The day this contract is up I'm going back to Cox and I'll be to pay more!! [SEP]
1	I've been boycotting this store since 2009. One afternoon after browsing for a while with my kids, I allowed my 10yo and 8yo to stay in the children's section to pick out a book to spend their allowance money on while I ran next door to TJ Maxx to buy the toddler a pair of shoes. I'd been gone 30 minutes when I returned to find the lady in the children's section had called the police on us. She never asked the kids their ages and didn't ask if they had a way to reach me (they did). The police talked to them, realized they were behaved consumers, and assured me I'd done nothing illegal. Avoid the plague. [SEP]
4	Don't know why it took me this long to check out Joe's Farm Grill but my out-of-towners got a kick of this place.We ordered :Fontina Burger - 4*BBQ Chicken Pizza - 4*Grilled Veggie Pizza - 3*Sweet Potato Fries - 2*Garlic Fries - 4*Onion Rings - 5*Chocolate Milk - 2*The good:- selection of American food / portion sizes- allow upgrades to different kinds of fries to your meal- the decor & history behind the farm- open kitchen / sauce bar- staff - outdoor picnic benches under a huge tree where the kiddies can themselves- hand washing fountain located by the soda fountain- kiddies the restrooms The bad: - lots of flies outside (that's summer in a farm for you)- seating inside- real vanilla milkshake tasted ( too much juice?) [SEP]
1	Went here one night with a group of friends. This place is pink, crowded, and really not that impressive. I ordered some sorbet and it was - that in itself is an - sorbet. The 50's style booth seats were very (maybe to staying long?) and the tables were the height for eating. I had to to get above face level of my food (and i'm a normal sized woman) It was also very very (very) in here.I'll avoid going here again. The quality of the product was just too - I'd rather hit up a Whole Foods and get some sorbet without the and echoing nosie. [SEP]
4	I've been here three times now and have yet to have a meal, or walk away complaining. The food is consistent. The prices are fair. And the service is great. hidden without long waits at breakfast. Score! [SEP]
5	This is my dining in town. I only go here 2 or 3 times a year because it's a little for dinner, but wow, what food! Dessert is here too, the Sundae. I just went here for my birthday last week and it still lives up to expectations although they don't carry my anymore (double cut grilled pork chop). They might start carrying it after they move to their new location though, here's hoping! If you're looking for a place with dinner dishes then this place is highly recommended, just please dress accordingly and don't try wearing a hat, not allowed! [SEP]
5	This is a real find and I mean find because it is tucked away on the side streets of downtown Glendale. This small little restaurant is unique in decor and cuisine, not many polish restaurants around. The food is flavorful and fresh, the soups are unique and tasty. The stuffed bell peppers are as is the stew.The owners are and inviting without being overbearing. My only is the hours, I too far away to get there for lunch and they are only open a few nights a week. Definitely the trip. [SEP]
4	The meat and bread is so that it makes Mr. Goodcents my number one sub place to hit up when in the mood for a sub [SEP]
4	Found this place from yelp and had to check it out based on the reviews. All I can say is wow! This place is yummy! I have a new favorite! Give it a shot, you won't be disappointed. My only was they don't accept Amex cards. [SEP]
4	Mini burgers aren't a new idea or anything, but I have a habit of showing up to a restaurant starving and over ordering, so if a place can take care of the portion control for me I'm pleased. The food is - normally I get a Buffalo burger with potato fries, and sometimes I'll toss in a Joe for sentimental reasons, but the bartender Marshal has got to be one of my parts. Always friendly. place that's for hour or as a stop during your normal Old Town rotation. [SEP]
1	I don't get it. This place is busy with no Manager in sight and in hiding during the busy dinner hour. No name tags on the employees. I was for pointing over the sneeze glass to the sauce that I wanted since nothing was labeled. I guess I violated the health code. Thanks for not locking me up. I told my family we will not spend one more dime here. [SEP]
4	I really this place over Pizza Hut or Dominoes because the pizza is and priced The pizza from here isn't other pizza places/chainsit tastes and freshly madeWhen we order pizza, we only order from hereWe also get the wings usually we ask for extra sauce because if you don't they don't put much on them Other than that, its greatIt take anywhere from 20-30 minutes for delivery for us [SEP]
5	Lee Lee's finally expanded from their Chandler location for us who have loyally driven an hour to shop. Low prices, huge selection, and it only took a week for the place to a true Asian market (i.e., wherever you are, you will never escape the of fish).I it. I bought ingredients for Vietnamese spring rolls, two different kinds of curries, a new motor/pestle, a Vietnamese coffee press, and some various other vegetables and liquors... hardly anything. Also, the seafood, while I didn't purchase any, looks very fresh.Wonderful to see such a addition to west Phoenix. [SEP]
2	I saw this company on 2 Fix It and thought i'd give them a try. I was charged $320.00 to replace a day/night photo sensor for our front lights. Here's the breakdown...$49.00 service call$89.00 diagnostic fee$199.00 no price to replace the sensor (#3 on their Pricing)They replaced the small recessed photo sensor with one that extrudes from the side of the house. it is not the same part. WTH?!I phoned Mr Sparky to log my - they were very nice. As of now, the owner of the franchise will be calling me to discuss my options. I'll post an update on the results.I just believe that if you are paying over $300.00 for a little photo light sensor, you should get a similar part in return. Unbelievable.To Fix It certainly didn't do their research on this company. [SEP]
2	I had to drop it down to 2 stars. The food was the same quality, but they do not bring out big bowls of white and brown rice anymore. They brought out 5 small bowls of rice when there are 7 of us. Are we suppose to share or have our individual bowls? We had our usuals:2 chicken rice - ok2 mongolian beef - good2 chicken chow mein - good2 crispy honey chicken - good1 orange peel chicken - meh...1 spicy chicken - too spicy for me, but the group said it was goodMain reason for the 2 stars was the service SUCKED! We had to literally get our servers attention for anything (refills, more rice, togo boxes, etc.). We waited 15 mins for our server to pick up the check, he never showed! So we handed it off to other server and asked if she can help us. He came back to the table only the times we can grab he attention. We were always out of drinks. I have not had that of a service in a long time. I will not come back on my own, but if the family wants to then they can me along (kicking and screaming). [SEP]
4	I have to say I was surprised by this place. When I first saw the address, I was very skeptical. It is in Sunnyslope. I literally had to tell myself that there are still some on Central and that this place was probably one of them. I'm so I had that talk with myself. This place is nestled into a little area of shops and patio homes, small businesses and a school. They have a atmosphere, the inside has roll-up, garage doors and there is a huge patio. My friends and I settled into one of the sofa areas and made ourselves comfortable. They have a hour, all wines are 1/2 off and beer is $2.00 off. We ended up having some wine and a selection of brushetta, all was yummy. The brushetta wasn't the I have ever had, but there was a selection and it was tasty. We had the brie and apples (delicious, how could you go wrong), mozzarella and tomatoe (also really yummy), brie and bacon which I didn't try and the tapenade (a little salty, but what can you expect from chopped up olives?). Once hour ended, our very and server told us that for $20 we could get a bottle of wine and another order of brushetta, so we did. Hey, why not, it's Monday!?! Ultimately, I was only supposed to stay for an hour (I was and jet-lagged and just needed to go home) and I ended up staying for almost four hours. As it got darker, the place took on a very sexy, vibe. I definitely the place and I will be back. atmosphere, food, prices and service. [SEP]
5	I have been coming to Lux for years ever since I started graduate school here in AZ. What is there to say that hasn't already been said other than hands down it is my go-to coffee spot in Arizona. Such a and diverse group of people, rotating artwork, the study music playing in the background (although it is played a bit loud), espresso roasted on-site and baked goods made on-site. Always find an to end up there for a café au lait or a velvet if I have a tooth! [SEP]
4	Lunch was delicious, as usual. I had the bruschetta trio for the first time and I couldn't find anything with it, much as I tried to. Not even the onions me. And if you know me, you know how much I onions. But their bruschetta was so full of all my flavors I couldn't even about the onions. Now that's saying something. [SEP]
5	I am in with Yogurtland fro yo!! It is and inexpensive!! I got the coconut and added shredded coconut and mochi pieces...yummm. Can't wait to go back. [SEP]
3	I usually shop at this store because it is the most and has the prices and selection in the area. For staple goods such as bread, milk, eggs, meats, and canned goods, the prices are usually lower than the other large grocery stores. Their branded goods (Kroger) such as condiments are usually quality compared to store brands at other stores. However, in the last few years, vegetable prices have skyrocketed (other than tomatoes, celery, and lettuce) so I find myself driving several miles away to a food specialty store to stock up. This Fry's was recently renovated, seemingly to make it more to find the items you are looking for, and making what should be a quick trip in an out into a half-hour ordeal. The aisles also seem to be harder to navigate, with displays jutting out here and there, and it's to get around other customers. What I do is that there are four self-checkouts so you usually don't have to wait in lines. I also Fry's policy of charging you the price on the shelf-tag, or you get the item free. I've often walked out with cash in my pockets when I went in with none. Sometimes due to the VIP customer pricing on the receipt, it's a bit to tell if you paid the price. Read your receipt carefully! [SEP]
4	Fruity Pebbles! YAY!They don't have a sign up yet, but we were walking by and noticed they were open and there were people inside so they must be, oh yes it was true, giving away yogurt! They were offering original (vanilla) and pomegranate flavors to choose from, I chose pomegranate. They have fruity pebbles as a topping which made me very happy, since that was my cereal as a kid. [SEP]
4	place with service, a menu, and a wine list in terms of quality, quantity, and value. We the Abbaye de Bellocq and Taleggio Caravaggio cheeses with the order of the French plate that included pate, cornichons, figs, Dijon mustard, dried cranberries, and baguette. None at the table were very about cheeses, but we told our server Zach our and and he steered us in the direction. This was a very start to the meal and for four people. We paired it with an '08 Cakebread Sauvignon Blanc. There was a dinner entree of risotto cakes w/ peas, asparagus, and mushrooms that we all wanted to try so we put it in as an order for an appetizer. The portion was small so it was for an appetizer, but I would have been a little had someone ordered it for their main course.For our entrees two of us ordered the duck and the other two ordered the scallops. The duck was prepared with skin and moist breast. This was served atop a red-wine risotto with blackberry gastrique. The menu stated there would be seasonal vegetables, but I caught very few on my plate. The scallops were also cooked and were served with spinach/tomato/olive pasta. We ordered a bottle of Delas Saint-Esprit Cotes du Rhone. I felt about ordering one of the bottles on the menu (only $20!), but the Cotes du Rhone caught my eye and I wanted to try it. It ended up being a very wine, whatta steal.Due to dietary restrictions of one guest, we had to request a change on one of the entrees and the server was very of it and discussed it with the chef who obliged with no issues. for going out of their way to take care of us.For dessert we had a chocolate cookie filled with molten chocolate served with ice cream, along with crème brulee. Both were not out of this world, but a finish nonetheless to a meal.All in all this was a place that was very priced where you could go all out and not feel too when the bill came. :) I the wine list and it was apparent that they did not markup their wines as much as other restaurants. The only reason this place does not get 5 stars is portion size, of vegetables with the entree (I much a meal of protein, vegetable, starch with somewhat equal ratios), and there was not one factor in which I will be telling my friends You MUST order this dish or a dish I have to come back for. I wouldn't have minded the small portion size at all had it perhaps been on a bigger plate with more use of color. I would definitely coming back and would to try their hour. I also how they are open on Monday evenings since a lot of places aren't.Sorry this is my first time writing a review so if you don't want to read the whole thing:Positive:GREAT wine list cheesesOn the mark entreesKnowledgeable and staffNegative:Portion sizesLack of vegetables [SEP]
2	The valet guys were absolutely awesome. They were the part of my stay at this hotel. The grounds were okay - NOT 5 star quality. The decor in the rooms seemed old, and the color scheme was dated. Although most of the staff was friendly, we did have a encounter with the pool manager. My husband and I had bought a bag of popcorn at the grocery store and were snacking on it poolside. The pool manager came up to us and informed us that outside food is not allowed in the pool area. She told us that we needed to put our food away. She then left without even offering the opportunity to order some Fairmont approved food. It was really and off-putting. We had been sitting by the pool for over an hour and not a single person from the wait staff had come up to us to take our drink/food orders. Also, it seems a bit that we can't eat our own bagged popcorn. It's not we were chowing down on a big meal and making a mess. It made the resort seem elitist. I definitely won't be staying here again.I've stayed at the Hyatt Regency Scottsdale before and would definitely that hotel over the Fairmont Scottsdale Princess. [SEP]
5	I Paws Salon. I used to take my dog to Canine Preferred but the ladies at the front dest were flakey, so I thought I'd try a new place and I am SO I did. The owner Tracy has a for animals. Walking in you are greeted by a cat, dog, and Macaw that call the front of the shop home. You are able to see them grooming the dogs (a big plus for me, you never know what some places do behind closed doors). She is very professional and seems a no kind of lady (in a way). She's to the point, tries to listen to exactly what you want and offers options and suggestions to help. They keep track of the previous cut that was given (it's some places you to have to tell them every time). I would highly this pet salon. They also offer daycare, and overnight boarding. I can't want to try the daycare to socialize my pup some more! Can't go at this salon.. [SEP]
5	A roadtrip would not be complete without local BBQ and Bobby's does not disappoint!Fancy smancy table serviceDark and with bar seatingRotisserie chick and bragging about the ribs. Alex was and off drink specials. Other servers were chatting with friends at the bar and one, blond one dipped into her cleavage for something. I hope she washes her hands before serving up a meal. Now I look around, this is a ground for hooters. Low cut and out. Not a fan of that. Bobby Q Amber Ale (Sonoran Brewing) is too light with a bite. Not my type of amber but they tried. 2 meats, brisket & sausage w/ mac&cheese and...the pecan coleslaw? What the for $18. Pulled pork sandwich $102 meat with pork and brisket Ranch House SaladCorn bread (pucks) of sweet, goodness.Sides were great! The beans with zest, the M&C takes me back to old school cafeteria, the potato salad was and the slaw was with the pecan. Brisket was the from the table and we all the smoky sausage. The pulled pork was a third as it was dry. thing I went with brisket. Two thumbs up here kids. your time and money. Yelp check in brought a 10% off the total tab too. [SEP]
4	This place is in my neighborhood, but I always seem to forget it's there! Finally tried it out last night and I was very impressed. I the trio of salsas they serve with their chips...especially the green one! It is and so flavorful. I ordered chicken enchiladas with green sauce, and they were delicious. Normally enchiladas come in cheese, but these one were not and you could really taste the flavor of the enchilada sauce. Their charro beans were very as well; definitely a alternative to refried beans. I can't wait to go back here and try some of their other dishes! [SEP]
2	My husband I dined here a few months ago. We'd never been and thought we'd give it a try! The decor was lovely, the staff was very friendly, and the food looked spectacular! Now you'd think my star rating would be but it isn't. Even though everything looked the food was actually tasteless. We were both surprised that our food tasted so when it looks so amazing. I had ordered a shrimp plate and he ordered a lamb dish. we've never been back and probably wont ever go back. [SEP]
4	A definite to the neighborhood!! I was surprised at how much the store offers in such a small space. Grant it you are not going to get many choices on some items, but you may be surprised at some of the items you do find. There were plenty of choices for organic foods and green products, also. The good:convenience - for those of you that has one in your neighborhood. to get in and out of with front door parking.PRICE - The prices are as low as Walmart's but without the of having to deal with the super-store size. (they accept coupons too - even better) meals - concept. Many places do this, but I found that it was (and fun) to create a full meal. Main courses, salads, sides, sandwiches and desserts all labeled and located in one place. If you don't have time to cook give it a shot. It is not as as cooking it yourself but lasagna for two people for six bucks isn't bad. The bad:Stay away from the Rotisserie Chicken. A little dry and over-cooked. I've had at Fry's, Costco. Save your tastebuds.In a world of Mega-stores with mega-parkiing lots it is to have a place that is actually to go to and within walking distance. The way to describe Marketside is if you were to cram the Walmart food section and the Wholefoods quality and organic factor in a space the size of Walgreens. [SEP]
4	description of this place would be Chick-fil-A play land meets Pump-It-Up. My kids this place. They're moving and climbing non-stop whenever we are there, so I it. We had their birthday parties there about 6 months ago. Overall, I think the kids had fun. The only to the birthday parties is that you can't have a private party unless you do it afterhours, which is sort of late for young kids. I think its $9 for an open session. My only other is the quality and price of the food. I think its Sam's Club food. They charge $2.00 for a not so dog. Also, I think they need to vacuum more often; the floor appeared to be dirty. They say they vacuum everyday, but I'm not so sure about that. [SEP]
4	Carmel Bianca!!! Oh my Effin Gosh... that's the stuff! It's yum. I'm a fan of white chocolate flavored coffee so maybe I'm and why I simply my 16oz of Carmel Bianca goodness. It's simply espresso, steamed milk, white chocolate and carmel drizzled on top. And that's the signature drink of Dolce Espresso.Thanks to Yelp I decided last night after a driving lesson with L that I was too to drive home without something to pick me up... and that was reason to make the short trek to Dolce because I've always wanted to try it. Wasn't exactly sure where it was, and to find that it's just across from Padre's next to a Psychic place. Dolce has a vibe with music videos playing. And they're songs too... I had never seen Pitbull's The Anthem video... it! my Carmel Bianca with a slice of their Chicago Style Cheesecake. I the cheesecake because it was different in taste compared to other cheesecakes, it was a marzipan with cheese frosting on top... so it was interesting. Not really a fan of the German Choc that my friends K and D got. I thought it was dry... yuck! It's a small place that's bright, with four flat screens spread about. The owner, Cesar (I think) was a sweetheart! I just hope Dolce survives as a 24 hour cafe on weekends because this place has potential. It's way than counterculture cafe back in the day. This is the place to go after the bars if you need a pick me up before heading home to the eastside from central Phoenix. Prices are moderate. SO pls check this place out and spread the word... it and I'll be back! [SEP]
5	Say hello to the Ghost Lounge, folks. This is a brand new bar located next to Seamus, within the San Carlos through an agreement with the hotel's ownership. For years, I've thought the Hotel San Carlos was an under-appreciated (through its own fault) downtown venue. With the Ghost, the owner has finally executed a plan to its place on the downtown Phoenix scene. This is apparent from the first step inside the lobby, which appears as it did in 1928 when the hotel first opened. If celebrities in the 1930s had to spend the night in Phoenix, back then a small, un-airconditioned cowboy town with around 50,000, they would have stayed here. (Or else the near-by Westward Ho). You get a taste of those times with the massive photographic blow-ups the Ghost has put up on its walls of various scenes from early 20th century downtown Phoenix. So large that you can zero in on individual pedestrians on the streets, and at their bowties, cowboy hats, handkerchiefs and facial expressions. Back then, the San Carlos was probably one of the only places in town that was air-cooled. (That may have meant it had swamp coolers. I haven't googled the history of air conditioning technology for this review.)I'd describe the bar's style as grandiose, and old school Phoenix with an obligatory hint of Chicago (obligatory given the decades-old economic relationship betweeen the two cities that endures to this day). It has been done. I will be back often. [SEP]
5	Saigon Pho doesn't have a sign, decor or even windows you can look in/out of. But who cares when you have the most Pho in the valley (and at the prices)? The servings are very big and everything averages about $6 a plate. Staff is very and quick to deliver the goods.As you can read through the various other reviews - everyone has a dish. I have a with gluttony so I can't suggest a single dish - I can only suggest them all. However, this place also has some of the Salt and Pepper calamari I've ever had. [SEP]
4	burger!They have a massive menu with something for everyone. My gf got a light basil-pesto chicken with a bread, while I got a southwestern burger and fruit on the side. This is a in ahwatukee. Walking in, I felt at home because it reminded me of many cafes from Boston; it was but with a bit of hip grunge look. There's a big garage door on the one side of the restaurant that opens out for a large patio in the cooler months.I'll definitely return here when I make trips to ahwatukee. [SEP]
4	The caesar salad i have ever had.The scallops were tasty, but not as crispy as I them. My husband his steak.The chocolate lava cake is amazing. Instead of a little oozing chocolate, there was a lot of oozing chocolate. And their house chantilly cream is to for. I could eat it alone, by the spoonful. [SEP]
4	I know little about Ethiopian food. I'm an eater, and was taken here to try it. And I must say, now, that I am a fan! The food was very cheap, and flavorful. So, if you're on a budget, and want to either a date with your culture, or are a foodie, this is a place to try! I am writing it only as 4 stars only because I haven't tried any other Ethiopian food. However, I much don't want to tr.ying another place ;)The Ethiopian tea they serve is fantastic, along with your meal. The portions are generous, along with amount of of injera. We has more than food around us, and left stuffed.The dish that especially me, was the curry chicken. So much so, that I continually kept the injera in the sauce. All the vegetarian food was delicious! I, unfortunately, don't remember the names of everything, but the greens were some of the I've ever had, along with a lentil dish. Also, I rated this for kids, however, that's only because I have a toddler that eats anything! If you don't have feeding your kid unique food, I suggest an attempt!In short, if you're a big food fan, or want to be a little more on your food options, especially for a great, price, try Blue Nile!! [SEP]
5	staff without an attitude (which is rare in Scottsdale). As I was waiting for my party to arrive, I was sitting outside drinking my beer and eating my food. Without ANY questions and/or hassle, my bill was transferred inside when my party arrived. Not only that, but our waiter remember exactly what I had and was able to it without me even asking him to do so. OK, how is that? I am totally sold on the service there an I will definitely come back. Very unpretentious place. [SEP]
3	Sometimes you CAN judge a book by its cover. This looks a typical diner and indeed that's what it was. Even though the place was busy (Sunday breakfast time) I was immediately seated, the servers were and everyone used the obligatory hon when addressing you, and the food came in of the busy time. Taste and quality of the food were typical for a diner - OK, not great, but the pancakes were definitely more than I could finish. Not as as I though it would be: pancakes (3) with bacon and eggs and a cup of coffee came to a few cents short of 10 bucks! Very casual atmosphere: most of the folks here were attired they were about to do some home gardening after breakfast. [SEP]
3	Again, it's a bit unfair of me to rate this restaurant because I'm from San Jose/Cupertino but I'm gonna do it anyway.So, being from San Jose/Cupertino, I've had me some Chinese food and even sum. So when the Boyfriend brought me here, I was expecting something decent, but not anything too authentic.This place was and authentic! It has the Asian ladies and their sum carts. It has the OG sum dishes. It even has the less than Asian service. The only is that this place is a bit and ragged-y looking. And the vegetable dishes are minimal. In fact, I had to order a veg dish off the menu because they didn't have any sum veg dishes and it cost $13! Bleh. [SEP]
2	subs and sandwiches. close by so tried a few times. to say it, but Subway is much better. Quality and quantity of ingredients in the so so bread left a lot to be desired.Service was okay but nothing to Yelp about. [SEP]
4	I would never have stopped at the Wy-Knot Cafe if it had not been for a friend mentioning it in a post on Facebook. I am I saw that post. There have been a number of restaurants in that location that have failed. Wy-Knot has opened the space up, made it dog (it is named for their dog) and has a menu. You order at the counter and then they bring the food out to you. The employees were all very friendly. The only down side was the of parking due to the other businesses sharing a lot. Also there were hardly any customers. Hopefully they will deliver menus to the houses in the neighborhood and maybe do some promotions on the neighborhood e-mail service so people will know what they have to offer. I would to see them make it.They serve breakfast and lunch all day. They had a of choices and it was to decide on one. We a BLT and a Chicken Salad Sandwich so we could try both. They come with a side of beet salad or salad of the day. The beet salad was very good. We both preferred the BLT but I am sure the Chicken Salad was more and it was tasty as well.Give them a try, I think you will the Wy-Knot Cafe. I will be back. [SEP]
2	Despite not being Federal employees in any way, Memorial Day seems to be a time when restaurateurs think they deserve a day off, leaving me with few actual lunch options and relegating me to the of the worst: Eating. In an AIRPORT RESTAURANT.Turns out that Taberna wasn't actually as as all that - the bar is to spend a few hours waiting for your flight, and the titular Blue Burrito - despite not being blue in any way, shape or form - wasn't too by food standards, and quite for the $8 I spent on it. And if you don't it, you can cover it with Cholula, close your eyes, and you're eating somewhere better. [SEP]
4	Every culture has their soup. American's have chicken noodle, Mexican's have menudo and Vietnamese have pho. I must have been Vietnamese in a past life. Pho is the national dish of Vietnam and a staple at any Vietnamese restaurant and Pho Avina has some of the pho around. Let me warn you - this isn't an appetizer, this is a meal. A big, steaming bowl of soup served with your choice of meat and noodles in a savory, almost sweet, broth. The pho is served with a large plate of basil, cilantro and bean sprouts; the cilantro complimented the soup nicely. I chose the chicken and shrimp and was surprised with large shrimp and big chunks of all white chicken. My eyes were bigger than my stomach, so I also ordered the deluxe vermicelli salad. A salad of noodles, veggies, beef, chicken, shrimp, eggroll, potato cake and fish sauce - toss together and enjoy. I had it boxed up, but did nibble on a few items and the potato cake is out of this world good. I had come for the banh mi at the of a previous yelper. They only serve the sandwiches Monday-Friday from 11-3; I had just them. Darn. I will definitely be back to try the banh mi and a boba, there were soooo many flavors to choose from except for the durian - icky, icky, icky. [SEP]
5	I'll never forget my first Urban Cookie. I was checking out after a day of shopping at Frances (my boutique), when the girl behind the counter offered me some cookies they had out on a tray. I hesitated at first (because I was about fitting the new jeans I had just bought) but gave in after little persuasion.It was at first bite. After buying my jeans, I rushed immediately to Urban Cookie and bought one of every kind. Although it was close, Urban Trail was my favorite. I really can't help myself, I keep going back for more (plus the owner is cute). I urban cookie! [SEP]
2	This review is for the chain in general. The location we went to is new so it isn't in Yelp yet. Once it is I will put this review there as well. We were there on Friday at 5 PM. The reason I gave it 2 stars is because the burger was very and it was made the way I asked for it. My husbands burger was not.But, the server and the fries left a lot to be desired. Let me preface by saying that we had been to several other locations. I my fries crispy. I ask for them done, extra crispy, scorched, tubes. Whatever their buzz word is for done. The location will comply. EVERY OTHER 5 GUYS HAS COMPLIED. But not the one at TATUM AND SHEA. She said that corporate said they are not to cook the fries that way. So if we were to put up with soggy fries - yes soggy, then we did not want them. She also interrupted us several times which is rude. THEN she went and called corporate just to double check for us and she came to the table and said they said no they were not to cook them that way. Seriously? We did not ask for her to do this. She actually accused us of being undercover shoppers. We started to say something and then again- she interupted.Listen, if you explain that our choice is not how the company wishes to present their product and we still choose to have them a different way, you should comply. It is after all our money and our decision. I was raised with the rules that #1 the customer is always right. And #2 if the customer is REFER TO RULE NUMBER 1!!We will not return. They have our business and I hope she her job.If you want to try a really burger AND FRIES place- go to Valley Burger Company at 40th Street and Bell. You will not be disappointed. [SEP]
4	service. Tasty food. I it for lunch because later, I can skip dinner. Their salad bar the vegetarian taste buds. I this place alot. I think it lives up to the hype. [SEP]
5	This is thee place to your tooth. ice cream and ice cream creations from an establishment with deep roots and long pedigree in the ice cream biz. Just can't be beat. [SEP]
5	Another visit: Greeeeeeat carne asada tacos, torta and that orange cake! Quesadillas, pork and chicken, were a balance of cheese, meat and sauce.That orange cake though?! Like, I am one of those people that would do ...things for carrot cake, and the basic format of carrot cake done with oranges, cream cheese icing and all, was a flavor surprise. Gallo Blanco looks a contender for Places to Take Visitors. Just a very rounded place to give visitors a taste of eats in Phoenix and examples of done and delish Mexican cuisine. [SEP]
4	Well, i was very to go to this event, however, not so when it was all over. The music was and it is a very place. It really reminds me of Vegas. However, it was fashion week and we all thought that we would see models sashaying down the runway. But, no. No fashion at all. The wine was comp and it was very ,i give for that! But the samples of food were few and far between. The Servers skipped out many times. Not most Yelp events which are usually out the door GREAT! We ordered from the hour menu. I fully agree lots of salt, but i think it was the soy sauce, it was the most salty..i have ever had. There is very little parking here as so be prepared for that as well. All in all we had a time.But, not as as most Yelp events. [SEP]
4	I was a girl the other night. Rico, B's husband has moved from Z Tejas to the Herb Box so I got to tag along to the practice night, I'm sure there's technical term for if for those in the business but for me it meant dinner at one of my places. First, the decor. You can't in interior design for six years and not notice design. They've done it up in a Cape Cod feel with exposed beams, wide plank floors, lots of blue and sea colors. Not so much you feel you're in a sea food restaurant, but in a way. It has a little bit of a contemporary feel and the bathrooms are very cool. Check out the sinks. Go on. You need to go just for that. B and I got there first, another friend was meeting us but was running a little late so we started with the cilantro crab dip, one of my favorites. There are nice, big chunks of crab in it and the plantain chips it comes with are thin, and salty. For the main course B decided on the goat cheese chicken and it. Our other friend got her old standby the Market Sunflower Salad and added salmon. I debated between the trout and the short ribs and ultimately decided on the short ribs but think next time I'll go with the trout. I have to say the short ribs were the second I've had, in line behind Chelsea's Kitchens. For dessert our waiter brought us a slice of the stout cake with espresso frosting, heaven, and a piece of the blackberry bread pudding. The bread pudding was more a steamed dumpling and was in flavor though the creme anglais it came with was creamy and unctuous. The espresso frosting on the cake reminded me of penuche candy. I wasn't too to get a piece of cake but it really was a treat. I just ate the frosting off the back I was so full by this time. The Herb Box also has a patio with big windows opening to the bar and comfortable, fireplaces. This is such a location in old town and steps away from the mall, I know it will become a regular place for me. [SEP]
4	only been here twice but the food kicked ass both times! biscuits and gravy is the way to go here. prices are as well. definately this joint. seems to be about a 10 minute wait to get seated. not bad. [SEP]
3	Sherwin is old and not very but he is a really guy. I will give him that much. Very optician as [SEP]
5	Yummy! [SEP]
5	My girlfriend i love, love, this place. food, beers, and wine to on premises. Friendly, helpful, and staff. A grocery to shop from, and an selection of cheese and wine. It's a total foodie destination. This place is fantastic. Ahwahtukee (and Phoenix in general) needs more quality driven, food and wine centric places this. [SEP]
4	food for a price. First time I've eaten at this location but it was as as I hoped. I got a half size Crunch Roll for an appetizer, and an order of Chicken Yakisoba. Both were very good. The crunch roll was very with quality ingredients, crunchy shrimp Tempura, crab, avocado, etc. The yakisoba wasn't quite what I thought it would be in that the noodles and meat were separate, not mixed, but that didn't affect the quality or flavor. It was closing time and I'd only eaten half, but I packed up the rest and brought it back to my motel so the workers could finish up and go home. This was the fourth place I'd attempted to go to for dinner so I was especially to find them open. The first place, Azucar Peruvian, was across the street from the motel I always stay at and I'd been meaning to try them since last summer. I drove over there to find they were now out of business with a sign up advertising the place going in next. I snoozed, I loozed. The second place was supposed to be open till 8:30pm according to their Yelp listing, but was closed when I got there a few minutes after 8.The third place, Omega Gyros, highly on Yelp, was also out of business. FML. So when I got to Yogi's I was holding my breath till I saw they were open till nine. you Yogi's! [SEP]
2	Cheap. Cheap. Cheap. Everything here is disposable, from the furniture to the linens to silverware. (Silverware rusted after one cycle in the dishwasher!). So if you to redecorate often and have a minimal budget this place is for you. As far as their food, I've only had a cinnamon roll here and it was stale. Bummer.My biggest here are the people who seem to be beached out on all the couches/beds/chairs. Don't you have homes? [SEP]
2	Service here is at ( i sat in the bar)menu both lunch and regular .chips ok salsa served in a small caraf which makes it inconvienent to get salsa to chip. food was ok some of the chicken in my taco was dry do to the 8 million degree oven they put it in before serving to you . this place is a true tourist/youngen scottsdale hipsters joint [SEP]
4	Went there for two games back to back days. The first was a night game and they had the roof open. The temp. inside was and made for a real evening. During the game was able to watch a 747 fly overhead, very surreal. During the day game they had the roof closed to keep the AZ sun and heat out. I personally thought it was a little inside even though they announced it was about 74 degrees, not sure if that was or not. I know AZ spend loads of money on the AC, but I wasn't impressed.Overall the place is and all the amenities are very close by. I had sections 112 and 109 and both offered views of the field and visitors bullpen. The service at the stands is and the lines move by quickly. Still not the #1 stadium in the MLB. [SEP]
5	I Honey Bear's! I've been visiting their restaurants for years. I've been to the one on Van Buran, the one on Central and this one in Tempe. They have the runniest sauce on earth but dang it tastes great! I the pulled pork sandwiches but not the long lines at lunch. When I went after 1pm in the afternoon I stood in a line of one - me. [SEP]
4	VERY staff. In fact, at times they seemed to be just a bit too friendly. I get that they train their employee's to greet every guest, but everytime you see an employee, or make eye contact, they are either welcomeing you to the place, or asking how everything is going. It was a bit of an overkill. And the place is loud. Very Loud. So it is to hear your table companions. And every so often, the music would go up a little louder, and all the employees would stop making sure every single customer felt and aprreciated all the time, and they all did a little line dance.Other than that, the place is great. atmosphere, peanuts.The food is priced and so very tasty. I am sure they know this, because they are constantly asking how your meal is. Well, not constantly, but darn close. I had the T-Bone smothered in Mushrooms, and it was cooked to perfection. The rice side dish was a little and over-cooked, but other than that, the food was an 9 out of ten. After we paid the bill and started to the door, again the service was when no less than four seperate employess thanked us for coming and hoped we our meal. The place was packed, but still seemed a little over staffed. I do to feel in a resturant, but not every time I turn around. Still, I think I will be returning for a good, resonably priced meal. [SEP]
5	My place in the world to eat! service and food! [SEP]
5	this place! I went with my Grandma and Aunt on a Thursday afternoon. The weather was but just a tad windy so we sat inside. First I the layout of this place, very open and airy. There are 2 outside patios one street level and then one upstairs. I actually have been here twice so far. First time was just for a mid afternoon cocktail with one of my stylists. The servers were very and our concoction of vodka, grapefruit and cranberry juice was the blend. The second time we ordered 3 small plates to share, ahi tacos, artichoke and spinach dip and the mussels. All three were and very priced. The ahi was and chilled, for a day. The artichoke dip was different than any I have had before, gooey that we gobbled up practically licking the bowl. The chips that accompanied the did were and salted, even when the dip was done we still off the chips. The mussels were in a white wine sauce but the stars of this dish were the mussels themselves. Buttery and melt in your mouth good, not chewy at all with no grit, to most common I find. The broth was so I let the bread marinate at the bottom of the bowl, soaking up the juice. My martini was a pour and even though they were out of blue cheese stuff olives the bartender took the time to stuff some and deliver it to our table. Now on to the staff, all are a looking lot but they are also skilled. All of our food and drinks were delivered in a manner by our server Jennifer. We also met one of the sous chefs, Lennie. A fellow with blue eyes, my grandmother remarked on them, a Mohawk and tattoos peaking out of his uniform. He swears that the potato fries are some of the in town and sent over a bucket. I do believe he is right, cooked to perfection, slightly on the outside, and on the inside dusted with herbs and I believe Parmesan cheese. After our meal the manager came over to make sure everything was to our liking. RnR is another place within walking distance from my salon and I am looking forward to trying everything on their menu. If all the items are as as the first 3 I tried I am in for a treat! [SEP]
4	Not much to write here. I always park on the Sears (upper level) side when I visit Chandler mall. My last visit to the mall, I ended up buying a luggage set on sale at Sears. The cashier was and even checked to see if all four pieces were present (I didn't even think to, LOL). Four stars. No feedback to report. [SEP]
4	I eat here at least once every week since it's close to my office, and they are always quick, tasty and priced. I usually get one of the lunch specials (even the Chinese-sounding dishes have a Thai flair, especially if you order them with extra spice), but if you're hungry the house special chicken is the extra buck, as are the Thai noodle dishes (the pad see ew is my favorite). The wait staff is always friendly, the food is always quick, and priced. i haven't had a experience in several dozen visits, and i'll continue to call myself a regular. [SEP]
5	This is one of my places to eat when I get back to town. Their beans are the I've had. Their tacos are made of shredded beef and with the fillings inside. This makes the product. All of you to live in the state don't realize how you are to have this treat! I'm usually not an enchilada fan, but you have to try one here.Some of the reviews comment on decor. While it is true the place is a little and the salsa comes in squeeze bottles, I would much rather have their prices than china. And that salsa, I really would be tempted to one of those bottles, but then I'd have to check it in my bag to go back home! [SEP]
4	First time here--glad we came! chips and salsa (always a start to a Mexican meal!). Hubby and I the chicken fajitas, which were very tasty! Good-sized portion with lots of red bell peppers, which we like. Served with side of rice and beans, guac, cream, and pico de gallo. We each ate our fill and still had for a take-home 'fajita burrito' :D [SEP]
5	The line was ridiculous. The price is kind of for what it is. The dog is kind of because of the way it's made. But you know what? I it in a way I haven't a dog in years! Wow, that sounds kind of dirty. This really is a unique take on one of the most common American foods.I passed through the sea of trucks and people that is Food Truck Fridays on a mission to finally try the much yelped about Short Leash Dogs. I can't say much too much that hasn't already been said. While the 20 minute wait wasn't too thrilling, it all paid off in the end. I just went with a traditional wiener, with tomatoes, onion, and spicy mustard. While I was intrigued to try some of Short Leash Dog's specialties, most of the dogs on today's menu contained an item or two that I don't really like, and I wanted to compare Short Leash Dogs to what I am accustomed to the first time around. sausage, toppings and the flat bread is fantastic. I would join Lindsey F. by tying my leash to the cart and following them around town. And I didn't even know that I still dogs that much without a beer and a game! [SEP]
2	In a word -- Blah. It's a chain so I didn't expect much, and in this case my expectations were correct. I ordered the shrimp tacos were alright, but nothing to write home about. My take is that the food is and overpriced. Plus the service was sub-par; we waited over 15 minutes to get our drinks refilled and when we asked for separate checks the server grumbled about it. Believe me, there is better, cheaper, and more Mexican food in Arizona. [SEP]
4	I went here for my sister's birthday as a new place to try after hearing about it on the Food Network channel. The vibe of the place is really special and unique, feels you're at a private farm. The food was amazing!! I decided to order a salad just so I could sample all the home grown veggies from the farm. The strawberry lemonade was also notch and came in a very large cup! After lunch, we walked around the fields and visited the coffee shop next door. The only for me was the really long wait time (almost an hour) at 2pm in the afternoon on a weekday and how far of a drive it was for me. Overall, experience...would go back! [SEP]
4	I was quite very and kinda to have a lunch , The service was and the lunch specials were too ! The only thing is there is no soda fountain but other than that it's all the pasties were very tasty and I look forward to going back soon. [SEP]
5	The staff is and knowledgable and the sales on stationary are always welcome. Lots of specialty papers to purchase by the sheet or in packs of 25 or 50, with matching envelopes. Oh so to give just the touch to my correspondance.Even when they are with business the staff is always to lend a hand or help with a jammed machine.When my puter is down I rent one of theirs for just $10 and hour with printing priveleges. [SEP]
4	The Chuck Box is dark. Very dark. Even in the day time it feels night in that place. This doesn't help when it comes time to put condiments on one's burger. I am as to how the condiment bar looks in light, which may explain the choice of lighting. Still, grinning and bearing it, I load up my veggie burger with toppings and, usually with zucchini in hand make my way to one of the very seats.Every time I go to the Chuck Box I feel as if there is going to be something with the food, and this something is being concealed from me by the of lighting. Yet, each time I go I have a veggie burger or grilled chicken sandwich. My friends have also real burgers there as well. Maybe it's they keep the lights dim, but the food tastes so there may be nothing to after all. [SEP]
4	The pork chop & eggs w/ home fries is out of control. I feel the same way about this place as I do Roscoe's.... you don't go for an egg white omelet, you go to just yourself & eat some food that your grandparents used to make the old school way, butter & grease. Just too darn to pass up. [SEP]
5	I went to Z Tejas with a bunch of people (about 25) last night. We had a experience from start to finish. At the beginning my lady and I were early so the waiter got us our drinks and continued to make sure we were to go. We wanted to wait for our friends so food wasn't necessary at this time, but the drinks were flowing and the waiter (Jeff) was very cool, friendly, and down to earth. All of our friends showed up and we let the times roll. Chips and salsa, drinks, water, and the cornbread, they all came very and it didn't take any on our part. I got a chicken dish which was really good, I stuffed myself silly. My lady got a side salad which was huge, she couldn't even finish it and she said it was really good. Oh! and the food came by the way (surprising when you have 25 people.The overall vibe of the place is really cool, very and but prices. Big screens everywhere, gotta that since there were some College FB games on last night. experience, thanks Jeff & Z Tejas. [SEP]
4	Unpretentious in Scottsdale? There are only a couple of places that can achieve this in my book, and Mabel's is one of them. I had been wanting to go here, but just never got around to it. So when a friend was in town for mid-week, we went to Mabel's for a drink on a Wednesday evening. The place was empty, but the drinks were and the staff was nice. The atmsophere is very swanky, with furniture, pictures/paintings of naked women on the walls, and ads for Men. I would to go back on a night to check out the food and the crowd. [SEP]
5	food. I wasn't so sure about Indian food, as visiting this place was my first time at both the restaurant and the food itself. I had the Chicken Tikki Marsala and it was fantastic. I can't wait to go back! [SEP]
5	This is a little Mexican restaurant - don't let the looks you, it is delicious! I had the Tampiquena, it is one of the I have had. Highly [SEP]
4	Being the pho that I am,I'm always on the lookout for a new place to the craving.This place was called Tu Do for a long time.It was aplace that never seemed crowded,with an older Vietnamese lady as theonly cook.The place was run down and the service ( I know these traits are not uncommon in Vietnamese restaurants).Then it wascalled The Ritz for a while,with a remodeled interior but with the same lady doing the cooking.Now,the restaurant has new ownership,a local Vietnamese family,and it's a whole new ball game. I ordered my usual pho tai bo vien with goi coun (spring rolls) as anappetizer.I'd give the soup a thumbs up.The broth was balanced,a bit on the oily side (that's not a thing for me),not the northe weakest in town.The basil was fresh,the meat was of quality and quantity.They didn't skimp on the noodles.On the down side,theyuse those meatballs that have a more rubbery texture than most,and they only give you 3 of them (4 is the norm).Overall it was a bowl of pho,but it's not going to unseat Maxim or Khai Hoan as my favorites in metro Phoenix.The spring rolls were above average,with no of shrimp,and peanut sauce that tastes peanuts,not hosin. The service is much more now,and these folks seem toplease.Also mention is that Phuong Dong is inexpensive.Not quitePho Thanh and Da Vang cheap,but close.Another thing is thatthey are open very late on friday and saturday, 1:00am! Late night pho fix!They also serve beer. I this place,I'm looking forward to trying the Canh Chua Tom.I hope they succeed. [SEP]
4	lunch at the bar with my wife while on vacation. The bartender was one of the owners, the wife half who a full time job elsewhere and the rest of her time at the restaurant.Nice beer selection, just the size floor plan with outdoor space, and you could feel the care the new owners put into the place.Great neighborhood cafe. [SEP]
4	Its a Wal-Mart, with a subway inside. [SEP]
5	food! atmosphere! service. Definitely recommend!! [SEP]
3	Was craving something different tried this place by a friend. Was with the lasagna. 30 min wait it. Service was ok food [SEP]
5	This is a place for me. I could seriously do my bank account some as I this store! The candles are the anywhere. They very and the fragrance lasts until they out. I just bought the kumquat scented candles and they delish. There's so many home furnishings here as well, unique non-mainstream stuff that's in $$. I've actually got my eye on this really apothecary cabinet... purchasing it may be in my very near future! [SEP]
4	Delish! We drove around looking for a steak without a wait and ended up at the Phoenician. With the restaurant concept by Jean Georges, we knew we were in for a treat. The only reasons I'm giving 4 stars are two-fold:The shrimp cocktail was - $18 for 5 shrimp? C'mon...yummy but lame.AndThe menu is seriously - I was expecting to see at least one thing and they were all boring: cake, apple fritter, cheesecake, gelato...boring!!Other than that, everything was amazing. I'm getting over a and they brought me out my own tea kettle which sat next to the table and stayed for two hours. And the finishing salt they provided in a tiny bowl was a touch!Order a steak, it'll be cooked with a crust on it. Have them bring all the sauces too; their bernaise is fluffy - they infuse it with liquid nitrogen!! And the beurre blanc is and delicate.YUM (PS, if you get Mercedes as your server, you're in for a treat! She's amazing!) [SEP]
5	The beer bar. selection, bartenders and eclectic patrons. What more can you want from a drinking establishment? The food is too. [SEP]
4	a place to spend an evening that has the taste of dining, but the feel of casual...the waitress was great...always one step ahead of us.....the desserts were and they comp'd the birthday dessert....the portions were just right...even took some home for the next day....we will be back.... [SEP]
3	Spinato's has red sauce for the pasta but I a more earthy pizza. High School kids it though. This restaurant was a Chili's before, but they have remodeled and did a job. The take out door is discrete and the bar area is large and comfortable. Food portions are quite big and they have a selection on the menu. [SEP]
4	Their Bruschetta selection was absolutely amazing. [SEP]
5	Service at this location is and the wait when they are busy. Price and selection are too! [SEP]
4	I came here for the first time on a rainy Tuesday afternoon for lunch with a friend I hadn't seen in 6 months. Our server who was as a button picked up our we are not in a hurry vibe away. We ordered a bottle of wine, priced and the added touch of a chilled wine glass. Our food was very but no real was taken. We shared the fish and shrimp tacos which were flavorful but I had to add some sauce to give it a little bite. The beans and white rice were a simple filler, nothing more. The menu looked and the prices were so I would definately try it again.There were only 2 things that I found disapointing, first was after we ate I ordered a martini, one from their menu, it was fruity and you couldn't taste the alcohol at all. The was it was served in a very small martini glass and I feel when you are going to make a fruity concoction and call in a martini the glass should be bigger, not the James Bond shaken not stirred size.Second problem, as we were eating a woman came and sat at the table by the restrooms and plugged her computer into an outlet that made the cord block the restroom door. Now my companion and I couldn't decide if she there or not, she never ordered food and wasn't there long. But just the fact that the cord blocked the door and could have been really me.Overall though I give the place a B+ [SEP]
5	I have played this course two times now. From the moment you pull up, you feel you are at a private course. The staff is very and professional. The views are and both times I have played, the course has been in impecable shape! The course is challenging, but still enjoyable. Lots of holes that are down hill (great for long tee shots!). This is one of my courses in the area! [SEP]
4	This one is every time I come to this restaurant.Good flavor, service. On occasion the fixings selection is a little off. Brown lettuce and those tasteless winter tomatoes. But the thing about a burger is that they are still wiht just the basics. [SEP]
5	I this place. The reviews show low stars but I it. I was there for hour so go at that time. The pricing is good. I don't know about dinner, but hour is cool. Servers were chill. Host was a bit up. Not sure why she though she was that great. But the place is cool. I people check it out if they want to try a sushi place on the Mill ave when you are in town visiting Tempe. [SEP]
3	Had breakfast this morning while waiting on getting my windows on my car tinted. I had the build your own omelete. I got it with chorizo bell peppers and cheddar cheese. It was and the portion size was big for the price. They had squeezed orange juice too. Not the breakfast I've had but it was good. [SEP]
1	My g/f sushi! She made me a connosiuer of it. and I have to be critical. So many college kids RA, but it's at best.I'll just list a few things that me:I went during a hour with co-workers. It was PACKED. thing, right? WRONG!Extremely service. when I went in to meet coworkers who already had a table the hostess told me I have to wait. When I said I have a table, she got in my face. I was tired, long-day and I wanted to chill. I walked past her, found my friends, and she left me alone.The waitress took quite a bit of time to get around to my table, and the sushi servings were OBVIOUSLY LOW!I went to Zen 32, and now my choice is SakeBomber. their hour servings are much more than RA, and their prices are BETTER!Be for noises, as every one is trying to talk than the music, and the person next to them.Just an overall experience. and I tip on service. Food quality was so-so. Just don't go during a hour, which is the only time it's it because it's priced so high. [SEP]
3	Jason B. and I decided to try this place on Saturday night. I looked at the menu online and though the food sounded really interesting.We started with the Artichoke Croquettes, and the Calamari as well. We were in the Artichoke Croquettes, you get 4 half Artichokes with alternating Marinara and this white sauce. The only thing that was about this dish was the white sauce, which we used to dip the Calamari in. The Calamari was your average calamari, nothing special! I ordered a the 19th Street Burger, which was cooked and came with a spicy sauce, not sure if the sauce was for the Onion Rings, but it was of the Burger.Not sure I will be rushing back to the Armadillo Grill, but I wouldn't say no to going back again! [SEP]
4	This park is for anyone. They have attractions for anything you are in the mood for. They have a full water-park, arcade, go-karts, bumper boats, mini golf, etc. It is a place to out with your friends. Depending on what you are planning to do, the prices vary. Go-Karts are $5, Golfing is $7.70 (don't play the last hole, keep your ball, and go to the next course), arcade is addicting! [SEP]
4	place for shows. place for everyone. [SEP]
4	I was contacted by the manger at this location cause of my review, I am really for owners. I really need to go back to this location to give them another try since the first time I went there it was really good. I was given a gift card to wipe out what I paid for the last meal as kinda of do over. I will be back Anthony and I will let you know how my next visit is. [SEP]
4	I've been a Char's patron since before we were legal to be in there (many years ago, previous owners). It has always been a place with a diverse crowd of aging black hep-cats, college students, bikers, tweakers, college students, heavy middle aged white women who black men, the ocassional tranny and Hispanic couples on dates with a sprinkling of occasional stippers/hookers. In other words - everything you would want to make a blues bar and just to be interesting. They are one of the only places in Central Phoenix with live music almost every night of the week and the cover, if any, is typically only a couple of bucks. The place is small and and crowded, a blues bar in an old converted house should be. varies by night but anytime you go it's passable. Personal favorites are lady J and Bam Bam and any combination thereof, which is what you usually get any way. Wander in on a random Monday night and 11:30 and you will find music, cruising, and drinks waiting. There is a small enclosed patio up front for smoking, about 16 spaces in their lot and street parking on the residential street, but watch the signs and don't block driveways. You can also cross 7th Ave, but be careful dodging cars. The neighborhood looks than it is so don't be by a transient or two wandering down the street but they don't bite unless you pay extra. Close to lite as in case sneaker pimps want to try to cross over from Central, but hopefully they won't. [SEP]
3	My gang usually in her at some point during our nights out and about in Old Town. They have a selection of beers on tap and there are usually a couple tables open if you want to sit down. It's a bar, not a club, so don't expect much. They have servers that are and and the wait at the bar isn't usually very long. a stop to a local biz. [SEP]
4	I really Maizie's, but will not get to go as often anymore. I to report that after our last visit, my husband received a bout of food poisoning. It was, in fact, his first time puking in approximately 10 years. It was not for him and it was not for me. For that reason, I guess I'm going to have to drop one star from my previous review. The thing is, I really Maizie's. I their menu and I their atmosphere. Unfortunately, the portobello sandwich...or maybe it was the cottage cheese...just doesn't my husband and that means I don't get to visit quite as often. :( [SEP]
4	I always connect here because I fly US Airways from Las Vegas. But everytime I have a stop over here, other than a major back track to the Bay Area, I don't really mind coming here because it's a maintained airport. It might look old but it is always clean. I'm only here about 1 or 2 hours at a time but I can't help but notice all these restaurants in here, if you're hungry and don't mind 'airport prices', never selection is here. Also be prepared to walk close to a mile to your connecting flight. There's LONG hallways here. Don't worry, they have standing walking escalators. [SEP]
3	Really lunch deals and close to Tex-Mex which I still get cravings for from time to time. I had the spinach chicken enchiladas and they were nice. It was a ton of food (of course) so we definitely needed boxes for leftovers. If you're in the neighborhood, it's a deal and I'd stop in again. My only wish is that they did a green sauce with the spinach chicken enchiladas. That would be heaven. [SEP]
3	Alison B. sums up all the things about this unique store - and I would return if I was looking for a unique gift for any female friends of mine.However, when I went in on a Sunday I was 1 of 4 women in the store. The man working was chatting it up with the 3 other women who turned out to be together, and once they left he had a seat and didn't say a word to me as I browsed. I walked out after several minutes of silence. [SEP]
5	I this gym! Everyone is so and friendly. The gym has a TON of equipment and is always very kept and clean. I wouldn't want to go anywhere else. I feel very connected to all of the staff - they even know me by name! The trainers are extremely also. I would this gym to anyone and everyone! [SEP]
2	I came in here wanting and expecting this place to be amazing. I wanted this place to be 5 stars. ugh, I feel a for giving it 2. I've heard such things about this place, and was expecting it to be good, but unfortunately, it was not. :-(I walked in and placed my order. The menu seems to be enough, with a amount of selection. amounts of toppings, and you can have your burger a few different ways. Mind you, I'm a burger lover, so I'm always up for places this.I ordered a regular burger with all the fixings and BBQ sauce on top. I got the fries too. It came in a brown bag..I guess thats how they serve it regardless if you eat in or not.I was with the burger itself. It seemed it came with way to much topping. I mean, an amount. I ate it, and the burger was okay, but not as as I have experienced at other comparable places. I wasn't looking to be blown away by the burger, but I wasn't really over all. It wasn't that great, to much on the toppings, and it didnt really do much for me. I will say tho, you get a TON of fries tho.I left feeling underwhelmed, and don't know that I will be back in the future. [SEP]
3	You're in 120 degree Scottsdale weather and you need a casual change of clothes, a bite to eat, and a adult beverage; Tommy Bahama can do it all under one roof. A retail clothier on the bottom floor and a decent, predictable place to eat and drink upstairs...ok, I'll with you Tommy. There is nothing special about this place except I found their service in both their retail space and restaurant superb. Try their grilled crab cakes and their twice shaken martini. [SEP]
5	Kick @$$ The of the bertos & they will make anything you want_!! Carne Asada with Sausage & Ham........Wow.. [SEP]
3	I've only ever been here for Transylvania which is their Friday night Gothic Industrial night. It's acceptable. I have high standards. Sometimes the music is really good. Sometimes it sucks. They have 2 DJs and I can always tell when the switch from the one whose tastes I to the one whose tastes I don't. If you're looking for Bunnis, Razor Grrls, Baby Bats or *sigh* Girls, you'll find a few of them here. There are a lot of regulars and I usually have a time, unless of course I don't. The people there have all been nice.The drinks are nothing special. They aren't terrible, they just aren't consistent. If you need to get wasted, get some shots poured. At least that way you know what you're getting.So when you need to strap on your boots, wear your eyeliner, and your ass, give it a shot. [SEP]
5	I this place! It first caught my eye driving to work. Their logo includes a shazzam lighting bolt which is rad if your into comics. I went in the place and they had comic art on the walls. The staff made some suggestions of what I should try. I got the slider pizza - (kinda a cheese burger pizza) they actually used a little brown mustard on top. Anyway it was delicious. I can't get over the staff though. It is very rare that I get that kind of service at a pizza joint.Any way every time I have visited the place there has been no patrons and it my heart because that is a sign that it isn't going to be around long. If you get the change PLEASE check this place out. [SEP]
4	Yummy! We would go to Canter's in LA before I moved out here so this is a comparable Pastrami Sandwich. Very close to where we live which is great. Prices are fine, a bit pricey, but oh well. Overall, thumbs up! [SEP]
4	I have confirmed the that Big Wong will be closing before the end of the year. The owners have been locked in to a lease they assumed for the last 15 years and with the down-turning economy aren't able to continue.If you want a very meal in a environment, rush on over before they close their doors forever. : ( [SEP]
4	Agree with everyone on here, this is some really food. Very laid back un-asuming place inside another strip mall on Bell Road. Ah what treasures hidden in a strip mall....We were greeted by a young man who took our order away, I ordered, I don't quite remember the name, but it was steak pieces with french fries and onions, and rice. I was by the mild salsa that came with the chips and said, hey can you make my dish spicy? The server said no problem, and while the dish was very fresh, my mouth was on fire, and I touched my eye and it was pepper spray or something. I food, I can eat Los Dos Molinos Abogado ribs for example with little problem, but this stuff kicked my butt!! It had little red peppers in it that I have never experienced before. HOT!! I kept remembering Deb's review:....this is not Mexican food..... No kidding, next time I will get it milder. My eye still.....Wife got a milder flat steak dish with lentils and rice. She praised its freshness. We also a red beef tamale (they were only $2) so it was just a sample but decent.They only have 6 tables in there! And they had to change their name due to copyright from a restaurant in Texas according to the young man. Either way, we will be back for sure. stuff!! Something tells me there is more to come, perhaps tomorrow if you know what I mean? Beware! They can really spice it up if you ask them too. I met my match at Mi Comida....Fresh ingredients, people, and a change from Mexican food.Recommended! Don't touch your eyes if you touched those little red pepper things, that is for sure!! [SEP]
4	This place is very and I can see why...the food was incredible! Cool, neighborhood place with service. [SEP]
2	Heard a lot of things about Pete's. I am from the Gulf Coast and was not expecting to find anything that would compare to the seafood of back home. I set my expectations low. Pete's fish is ok, square, almost processed but not. but tasty. Chips are decent, taste typical Ore-Ida fries. The Onion rings were (super though). My biggest is that I am a bit of a traditionalist. If you are gonna call it fish and chips they would in the UK, then you have to at least have malt vinegar. The red sauce is with their fries and rings (and maybe shrimp) but not on fish. It is the only sauce they have. I hear the burgers are and may go back, if I am already in the area, to try one. I if they have mustard? They may be trying to do too many things at once here. Seafood, Americana, Mexican, (fish, shrimp, burritos, dogs, chicken, oysters) Just a thought. The seating is outside, if its summer you must get it to go. Between the heat, pigeons and huge flies (serious kitchen hawks) you will not have a time. The prices are very but they only accept cash. I would not go out of my way to eat at Pete's again. [SEP]
3	I am writing this update soley based on the feeling one gets when going to Spitfire Grill, the food and drinks are always good.Our about Spitfire is that the owner and staff is never very welcoming. My fiancee and I have been there 15+ times and there is never any recognition by the staff. The owner is always there and he has never introduced himself or thanked us for coming in again. The servers have never said 'welcome back or to see you again'. For a neighborhood restaurant I would think you would want to make your regular customers feel appreciated. We the food and the restaurant is around the corner from our house, but we toward other, farther away restaurants with a more weloming feel.For example, last night we went to House of Tricks in Tempe. It was our 4th visit. When we walked in three of the employees greeted us and welcomed us back. The bartenders remembered what we drink and asked us about something we discussed last time we were there.Talk about feeling welcome! Spitfire has a lot to learn if they want to survive in a neighborhood lacation. [SEP]
5	Pho in the phoenix area so far. Great, meat in my pho chin nam (#8).I see they also have bun bo hue on the menu so I'll have to try that sometime soon. Nom nom.Friendly staff.See ya there! [SEP]
4	Fun, Fast, Easy, Yummy. Flatbread style pizzaz, done right, crispy, not thick & greasy. Yummy & unique toppings. salads. place for kids :-) [SEP]
4	Newly opened no frills supermarket import from the UK with ethnic food selection.The fruits and vegetables wrapped in plastic sitting on black crates reminds me of my neighborhood Tesco's from my days in London. thing about this one is the of products carried on the shelves. When's the last time you're seen tripe or pig's feet at Albertson's or Safeway. And hooray, I can finally buy Chaokoh (the only brand of coconut milk) in Scottsdale without having to trek all the way down to Lee Lee's or Ranch Market. selection of meats and cheeses. The only place apart from Trader Joe's that I've seen unpasteurized orange juice, which by the way tastes way because heat the taste.Much-needed addition to an area saturated by the standards. [SEP]
5	Alright this is the deal of deals, 2.75 for students and Im not sure if its a quarter more or not, but less 4 dollars. half an ice cream cookie sandwiches, me its enough. Its a pick me up for something on millCookies are made their along with the ice cream, and if your not into that they have italian ice.Place is small, but is packed with flavor, and cookies.Recommendation: If you cookies made into sandwiches [SEP]
1	food, but lots of it. If you have a hangover and need grease, this is your place. Other than that, drive a block and eat at Mucho down the street--now that is real mexican food! [SEP]
5	Stopped in for Margs and appetizers.Had 2 house Margaritas......AM I DRUNK?Holy MOLY what do they put in those things?Food was great, drinks were better, I'll be back! [SEP]
4	Thai, Vietnamese a patio, hour and a inside they have it all.Despite being a place as Asian food goes the prices are quite and it is really a value. The hour menu has Asian tappas (apps) for $5 and many $5 cocktails and glasses of wine. WE had the salmon satay which was just grilled cubes of salmon on a stick with sauce and some salad, but nothing special. The veggie wontons were in a brown sauce and filled with veggies and again a small salad garnish.My cocktail was but it was a bit strong.For our mains we had the Salmon with green curry, It came in a HUGE Bowl it was and full of veggies and not overcooked fish. $12.95We also had the dragon noodles, which was veggies tofu and glass noodles. It was light and fresh. ~10Over all quality value and patio I will be back. [SEP]
3	It was my first visit to Wienerschnitzel and OMG two words CORN DOG! It is than the ones at the State Fair. I also had the polish dog. I am but Costco's is better. The french fries were OK. The thing I had was the corn dog. [SEP]
2	The ambience is a feast for the eyes and for the touch, this much is true, but one is paying a very high price for this exclusivity. While I waiting in the lobby- couldn't sit at the sushi counter until it was open for dinner service at 5:30p- I did notice that for a venue that strives to project a life of luxury, housekeeping hadn't come by to food debris off of the coffee table (closest to the sushi restaurant's host desk). Not even when a rep came by to alert me to a bar menu sitting on the table and asked me if I had wanted anything from the bar- she had to have noticed the mess?!I ordered a $9.50 spider roll (soft-shelled crab), a $10 veggie tempura app, and a $19 baked lobster roll, all priced at 50% for one week during their 1-year anniversary. They're all good, and factoring in the ostentatious surroundings, I'd pay $9.50 for the soft-shelled crab roll, but I'd put my foot down on the other two. 50% maybe, but $19 for a five-piece lobster roll? Yes, it was very tasty, and yes, the cream sauce was orgasmic, but for $19, I expect moments from the restaurant scenes of The Truth or When Harry Met Sally, take your pick.If you've money to or have someone else paying for the bill, then this is your sushi stop near Old Town Scottsdale. [SEP]
3	Expect to pay $10-12 for a burger and fries in a tacky, blue-themed interior in cafeteria-style tables and seats.The hours isn't bad, as it boasts some and appetizers along with $2.50 IPA drafts, among other options.The service was decent, but not great, and the ambiance as a whole didn't seem to be the prices on the dinner menu. At least, I can think of several options. [SEP]
4	Stop the presses and buy a lotto ticket, I'm actually giving a place on Mill more than 2 stars!The bf and I came here around 10 on a Friday night and were FINALLY *pleasantly* surprised with the place. We've been to several places along mill trying out the area since we moved here and have been met with nothing but people (both young and old), watered down drinks, and service.+ no cover, doormen/bouncers (though there's a $5 cover after certain times on Fri/Sat. for guys, ladies free)+ and bartenders. I ordered the tequila drink (ha, who woulda thunk) with grapefruit and it was *delicious*. If you don't want a sugary kick in the face with your alcohol, try this drink! The bartender was when I ordered it and said oh honey, it's not very sweet, is that okay? Some people don't it--thank you for making sure. My bf ordered some 10/12 year anejo double shot (can't remember) and really it....hell, I even sipped it and didn't gag! Let's just say sauza and jose kicked my ASS freshman year undergrad-- I'm forever ruined+ wide of drinks and tequila...that may seem an obvious thing at a tequila bar, but I've been to a few that were skimpy.+ decor and vibe was on POINT. Somehow the younger crowd here doesn't act one drink is sending them to blackout town...score. Somehow the cougar-looking women here don't flip their hair every time a younger guy walked passed them...score. Somehow the older people were grooving to the music more than the young bucks...score.- minus one star for no AC...is that normal on Mill? no AC? and if so, WTF IT'S AS BALLS, TURN THAT ON!Like my (ex)governator said I'll be back. Seriously, I'm to have found a place that didn't make me driving to Mill, woohoo! [SEP]
3	Narcisse is truly an place. food and service. The staff/servers look and keep the image is everything so here in Scottsdale working for this place even if the looks the quality of the service. The late night crowd is of the look at me and makes it a people watching establishment if you do not mind the huge egos that go with it. The selections of food and drink are impressive. If you can reserve a table to dine and drink with friends do it as the place fills up and to a night out experience for the above 30 crowd. [SEP]
5	You can't give anything less than 5 stars to a place that sells bra's and panties to chicks. [SEP]
5	I've been to the locations in Chandler and Mesa and one word describes both locations: Fresh. Their donuts are and fresh. [SEP]
1	We came there on November 5, 2011 and the service was very bad. The I have ever seen and we were treated shit. We came into town from LA and Vegas for the NFL game and seen Mrs. White's cafe on Foodnet and knew the food had to be great. The chicken was great, but the customer service was so we will never return again. We got a refill on our drinks and the guy poured sum of our drinks on the left overs so we could not take our food back to the hotel. Foodnet on you for recommending this place. Just because the chicken is good, does not mean you treat people shit. We had to remind the staff over six times to get our order. We waited over 40 minutes to get the other 3 pieces of chicken to finish our meal. We don't mind waiting but it was when you are watching other peolple are getting their meals when they walked in after us. The Mac and Cheese did not look everyone else's order- it look it came out of a box. You can tell it was far from homemade, it cleary was not bake, no crust. The gravy was watered, missing favor. Corn bread was over cooked under salted. The cornbread sure as did not look everyones else's cornbread. I felt we received the leftovers. Truly the service we ever received. The place needs to learn how to be and just be nice. [SEP]
4	The Shoe Dog experience was quite and entertaining! It assists in finding the shoe for your foot...and accurate!Shop from hundreds of the walking and running brands ASICS, adidas, Brooks, New Balance, Saucony, Mizuno, Merrell, Nike, Puma, Pearl Izumi, Sperry, Timberland, Under Armour. You'll find natural running shoes from Vibram Five Fingers, Newton Running, and K-SWISS and trail shoes from Merrell, Salomon, and UK Gear. Grab the gear from brands Garmin, Baby Jogger, BOB, GU, Honey Stinger and FRS. You'll also find your Triathlon Gear in the Road Runner Sports online Triathlon store. store. Choose from brands 2XU, Shimano, Bont, Giro, Aquasphere and Xlab. [SEP]
4	Chocolate Gelato. Word. Tiramisu Gelato. Straight Up. Chocolate Gelato and Tiramisu together. Stuff. This store a pool. I have no idea what's up with that but the Chocolate Gelato is awesome.I will go back just for that. And I will order the largest size I can handle...Kids Size. Or maybe Small if I'm feeling ambitious. Gelato is rich. Chocolate Gelato is Rich. You've been warned. [SEP]
5	donuts in the valley.I a of donuts (my favorites, though are raised sugar and raised glaze), and all the donuts here are great. Never too heavy, always tasting fresh. [SEP]
4	Sitting at the counter at FnB is an experience that should be had, period. Our reservations by default was later on in the evening, but also turned out to be quite fortuitous. Not only were we able to see chefs Badman and Curry in action, but also saw them turn down the kitchen towards the end of the night. It is a display that even the most advent epicurean is not often exposed to. There are no doors or walls to hide behind. Everything that you eventually place in your mouth is out in the open and also in the way it is prepared - from the raw, to the stove, to the plate. was also how fluid the kitchen moved with only the two chefs preparing dishes. Chef Curry preparing the appetizers, fish and fowl; while Chef Badman shoveled coal onto a grill and simultaneously manning it to ensure rib-eyes were cooked to order. The ambiance was the type you'd expect when invited into another's kitchen, and the food tasted as if given the same attention. So to the service. Our waitress, Chantelle was about explaining everything to us after hearing that it was our first time there. When she found out we had moved just a few months ago, she was kind to write down her restaurant for us too. Will definitely be back to try other items off their ever-evolving menu. Reservation for two please. Yes its okay if its at the counter and yes, its if its late. [SEP]
5	Pulled pork over rice with compelling tater tots (rosemary & garlic). sauce was unique! Darryl King prepared it and packaged it with style for takeaway service. [SEP]
3	Alright, so how does it go from being a 1-star (actually, less than that) to being a 3-star review? Simple, they seem than the last time I was working/shopping here. I went here the other night to help my boyfriend find an interview outfit and noticed that the store had a handful of the same employees as they did back in the Summer, but certain areas of clothing had been moved around. Despite all the moving and switching around they must have done, the store seemed really and in order. In fact, I really have no with this store except one, teeny tiny, little problem...the check out girl!I remember her from when I here and she gave me attitude when I needed to ask her something. Turns out, it wasn't a one time thing.. she's just a person. On this particular night, there were only two check out girls and a line of about 15 people. My boyfriend and I were making seperate purchases and knew one of us was going to get her. I happened to get the one, but before we each paid for our items, we were watching as the girl didn't even ONE half-hearted attempt at a smile. We listened as she rudely explained to some elderly ladies why a certain item was marked on sale but the same item was normal priced. They wanted to make sure they weren't paying too much/too little and her explanation?: That ones been the store longer. It didn't make sense to them, or to those of us in line watching, but she kept getting huffy about it until they dropped the issue. She shoved people's items in bags and practically threw them at them and said, again without trying to some kind of customer service, Have a night. Bye. NEXT! Yuck.My cashier was slightly more frienldy, but still not awesome. It was obvious she was having a long night (afterall, she was at the register with the Ice Queen), so it was understandable. Also, I didn't catch her name, but the girl working in the dressing rooms was really and kept greeting everyone that came by. I had to call this location to get the name of the manager for something I was filling out on a form and I was told they've got a new manager. Thus, I know why this jumped up two stars. It could have been four, but certain things they haven't fixed (rude cashier girl) have kept this review at a three. [SEP]
5	I think everyone has said most everything that needs to be said about this place. But I'll highlight the reasons I frequent Switch...free wi-figood drinks$5 plate special - that is always as as the rest of their menugood hour specialsopen til 11pm 7 days a weekgood wine great/friendly wait stafftheir salads are out of control - amazing.i think i could support/invest in switch/fez/ticoz dynasty for all of eternity...if i had the means. [SEP]
4	Surprisingly arean, given that the in Phoenix apparently hockey... It's got a outdoor area with shopping and restaurants, and close parking, and a large selection of food and beverage options inside. When we went, the stadium was much empty...which is normal, as I understand it. Still, if there was more interest, the place could hold a large number of people and has the potential to be a venue for Arizona hockey. [SEP]
4	food, large portions! My family and I really our Saturday morning breakfast. [SEP]
4	When shopping is an adventure and a destination, you must be heading to Tan Phat. This is a Asian market that has been there for me whenever I need water chestnuts (for wrapping in bacon, and they carry five different brands! Who knew so many companies were in the business of the water chestnut?) or kitchen supplies for Asian themed dinners. One of the first things that hits you upon entering in the of seafood. After acclimating to that, you'll find a huge selection of canned goods, dried seafood and mushrooms, a selection of produce and an amount of edibles (you know, those package foodstuffs that you just can't find outside of Asian markets). The employees are usually polite. You may have to walk through every aisle to find what you need, but that's part of the adventure. [SEP]
4	Food is yummy!!!! I have never been to a 5 Guys, so I was surprised. I ordered a burger, unaware that it is actually a double burger, which was HUGE! Hubby and I shared a large fry. We could have easily a burger and a small fry. that fact that everything includes grilled mushrooms and onions. So much food. This location was messy. I am not sure of the peanuts are a idea because there are shells and everywhere. [SEP]
5	Fast, friendly, and clean. You don't get to say that too often when describing a post office! Serously though, these guys are great. [SEP]
4	It was a quick trip downtown from Mesa, I didnt some of the people getting on the train but hey its public transport. My legs were also from the seats on the short trip downtown I have RLS and man it for days after. It was for saving gas and if I by one I would take it daily. This was my first time so watch where you park by the pickup locations cause I got my car towed, $200 fine!!! I would take it downtown again but park in the spot this time. [SEP]
5	Papago Park is a place to ride (bicycles, that is). The terrain can be as or as as you'd like-- just choose your trail! [SEP]
5	Ordered the Butter Burger medium rare. Forget lettuce, tomato, and pickle, eat this with cheese and maybe some ketchup to let that beef through. Delicious! diner atmosphere, got to sit at the counter.Happy to see it was Niman Ranch beef, a sustainable/organic livestock provider. [SEP]
3	For such a small space, Stinkweeds definitely does a job of packing as much as they can in their store. As far as record stores go, they've got a collection in both CD's and vinyl. My only with this place is that they tend to only carry newer stuff or the more titles of indie genres. If you're me and to peruse through older and hard-to-find collections, be sure to check out Tracks in Wax a few blocks down the street on Central. That being said, this is definitely a place you'll want to drop into. Their selection of concert/music video DVD's is as is what their magazine stand has to offer. Sure, it's no Amoeba but it's the next thing. [SEP]
4	My husband and I visited the olive mill this morning. We decided to go there after finding reviews on here so Thankyou! It is kind of also since we live in Circle Cross Ranch which is just up the road from QCOM. I have passed this building so many times and just tossed it up to another little local farm out here. First we sampled all the olives and the different oils and dipping sauces. My husband he thinks the products are but I thought they were since they are really and don't taste anything the stuff you get in the supermarkets. After selecting a few items, I bought the mesquite almond stuffed olives and and blood orange olive oils. Blood orange is I can't wait to try it on a salad. I also bought a plain virgin olive oil.The oil is so flavorful and their claim is it is pesticide since they don't have a with some sort of fruit fly they normally have with in olives here because of our dry climate. We decided to grab a bite. This was the only problem, not for me but for my husband. I guess this is a place for the girls to get together for lunch but if you have a man that has a hearty appetite mine then he may not quite be with what he receives.It was for me. I ordered a paninni that had roasted squash, peppers, arugula, fennel garlic aoli and a parmesan balsamic sauce on it. It was very good. Came with a side of kettle style potato chips and some olives. He had a salad but it was not a very big salad especially with the salads that could serve 3 you mostly see these days. I guess it is true Americans have come to expect quantity.That is ok, I would definitely go back. I will just have to make sure I leave him at home next time and go with one of my gals instead [SEP]
5	My wife and I as as several of our friends drive from Ahwatukee on a regular basis to dine at Flo's on Thompson Peak and Frank Lloyd Wright Blvd. 25 miles isn't too far for this food. We've been eating here since the 90's and have always been pleased. I discovered it when I in the area and used to stand in line for lunch, it was so busy. Our favorites: Pepper Chicken with extra wedges and the Kung Pow although I can't think of anything I wouldn't order. [SEP]
5	Yogurtland as I say it with a high-pitched tone in the end..This is my ultimate dessert!! I would give 10 stars if Yelp allows it! All my friends know that I am attached to this place! We started this together with my half when we tried it a few years back after a basketball game...and all I said after first walking in was, This is fun!! and we got hooked eversince!! That I collect their spoons, only used by me and the hubbie, and I now have 5 YGL cups full of spoons!! I am the ultimate Yogurtland addict!! heehee We go as often as 5 times a week that we already know the staff in this location. And we go that often that we even tried to abstain from it for Lent just to see if we can resist it!! haha Most of our friends also keep on asking to try other fro yo places to see if something will beat my YGL addiction..and so far nothing has over it yet..=DSo, my flavors are Taro, Pistachio and Toasted Coconut and the of course the seasonal flavors, Pumpkin Pie, Gingerbread..Oh I wanna go now just thinking about it! My toppings are the yogurt chips, sugar cone, sunflower seeds, shredded coconut and graham!! =) blend of flavors! So if you haven't tried it yet, grab your partner and some Yogurtland...=) [SEP]
4	Although I am limiting meat in my diet, I went to the Keg for a date.I had only been one other time for drinks with a couple of friends and it was nothing writing home about really.I think what I really this time was the salad. Yeah, I know, a steak house and I'm blown away by a salad!! It was the spinach salad with walnuts and cranberries. It was soooo good. Of course my little girly sized fillet was too.Oh ... and the date ... yeah it was too!! ;-P [SEP]
4	My husband and I lucked into one of the dining experiences in a long time on a recent business trip to AZ. The hummous appetizer was exceptional, as was the what's in this steak? dish, filet wrapped in yukon-gold potatoes (how is THAT?). selection of wine by the glass. The only was a dessert referred to as a on Tiramisu, but which no resemblance to it at all, with toffee cookie dough ice cream. I'll go back next time in town, but try a different dessert. [SEP]
5	Sara (bartender) is the chick in the world!! [SEP]
3	I wanted to add a review to the actual company's website, but I could not figure it out. I'm curious where all the testimonials came from. I have mixed feelings on my experience. In the end, I think I ended up with some windows, though. My salesperson was very engaging. I felt in my decision to go with American Vision Windows after that first experience. There was some miscommunication on scheduling the measurement, but it itself out quickly. I started to when I was told a specific date that my windows would be in, but never heard anything from the company four days after that date. When I called them to find out where my windows were, I was told they had just received them and they could schedule my install in 2 weeks. Since I only had Saturday install available, that was understandable. The Friday before my install, they called to reschedule to the following weekend because the rainstorm (that just occurred that day) had put them behind two days. Again, I guess that was understandable, but I felt the peon that was the to push off. Luckily the installers did show up the following Saturday on the earlier side of the provided time frame. I kind of don't know what to say about the install. There were two guys, one seemed to know what he was doing, the other I had less in. The job took 4 hours to install 6 windows. During the entire transaction I was never told how long the install would take, so I'm not sure if that was normal or not. The two guys actually seemed to be fighting during the entire install. I believe the head guy was joking around with the other by basically telling him he sucked. I think the other guy was genuinely getting angrier and angrier. In all honesty, I was very being in my own house while the install was going on. I was a bit in the cleanup of the job. I ended up having to cleanup inside the window tracks and windowsills on the inside and brush off the sills on the outside. I don't feel I should have had to do that. Before they left, I was handed a survey to review the entire process (salesperson, overall experience, install). I think that is a practice that needs to be changed. I didn't want to sit there writing out a review on all of the above while the installer is waiting for me, and then hand it back to him. What it did cause me to do is my review because I'm not going to give the installers 2 stars and hand the paper back to the person I just reviewed. I can't say I would this company, but I feel the way customer service has been going, it's really a tossup on what you will get from any company.P.S. I forgot to mention my plants. I have recently spent a lot of my own time and money on landscaping my backyard so this out to me big time. I understand when installing windows it's to pay attention to the foliage below your feet, but I think some attempt to not all over the plants would be very much appreciated. For example, when washing the windows, I think an effort can be made not to stand directly on of a plant and your foot back and forth. I'm still hoping I do not a couple of plants due to the they endured. [SEP]
5	I this store!! Their reduced chicken salad and pasedena salads are to for. The prepackaged meals are also yummy! My daughter their yogurt and premade pasta meals. Their clif bars are 1/2 the price as supermarkets!! The employees are extremely and helpful. I would SO this store to any and every one!! [SEP]
5	I rarely go to Indian restaurants. But this is a place I to visit often. The food seems as if it was done with interest. When u go there, order anything with rice. They cook it to perfection. I their handi dishes a lot.If there is one thing I can suggest, it is that they should stop adding food coloring to some of their dishes. No need to guild this Lilly! [SEP]
5	I am a vegetarian and there is a ton of stuff at Pita Jungle. I just had the hummus trio, babaganoush, dolmas, mozzarella, and feta for appetizers tonight. hour on the apps and delicious. Took BLACK BEAN BURGER to go. SOOOO good! Also, servers are and prompt. YAY! [SEP]
1	All I have to say is what you see on the menu is not what you're gonna get. and if you're ok with cockroaches on the walls and floors, the this is the place to eat. [SEP]
3	So I recently went here with a friend of mine because they were craving IHOP, and I didn't care were we went to eat as long is it had food.I got one of there new choice menu items the balsamic chicken and my friend got the club sandwich with a side salad and a side of pancakes...don't ask.The food was surprisingly really and the service was excellent. [SEP]
2	Having lived in Mesa and delivered sub sandwiches to some of the tweekiest of tweakers, I don't feel any in admitting that whole area now resides in a zone for me. When I get that to go out and tear up the town, away a afternoon, or a dinner, I think of places north, south and west of Tempe. It's my brain has one of those little electric dog collar things attached to it, and when I start to stray too far east, it gives me a subliminal so I Mesa from the map in my mind.So naturally, Stray Cats is usually a place I visit when meeting up with others who have suggested it. Thing is, I always end up having a time when I go there. The drinks are priced and generally on the side, the bartenders are and quick to serve. The music is good, but I've never been here when a DJ's spinning. I used to the fact that there was an air conditioned smoking room off to the side with couches and big televisions. The crowd is always diverse, and to engage in slurred conversation.It just doesn't have any special oomph for me. I'd much rather frequent Hollywood Alley a couple miles south, where there's pool and live music. it's also on the black list of Mesa, so maybe I should find a way to reverse that programming. It's not just tweakers and mormans, it's not just tweakers and mormons, it's not just tweakers and mormons.... [SEP]
4	food and a atmosphere! service is a little slow, but the food is always delicious! [SEP]
4	I came, I saw, I conquered. Would get five stars but parking here is difficult. No signs on where to park if u can't get in the iddy bitty teeny weeny parking lot. Walked an extra mile just to get to the entrance on the echo side [SEP]
4	I'm so that there is at least one Asian grocery store in the valley. they seem to have a time keeping some of my items in stock, I if this is a result of some of the import restrictions/delays that have been a result of the recent quality with food and toys imported from China.I'm half Chinese and spent much of my youth being around Chinatown near L.A. by my grandmother and 6 or 7 aunts. So the 99 Ranch Market brings back memories...some fond...some not quite so. But, at any rate, the prices are and the selection is and (when it's in stock). The cashiers could use a little dosing from the fairy, however. Then again, I don't remember many cashiers or clerks at any of the stores I frequented as a kid...so I guess it just makes the experience all the more for me.I would going on a weekday, or, if you must go on the weekend, just avoid going around lunchtime. There's a sum restaurant in the same shopping center and the parking lot gets packed with cars and pedestrians. [SEP]
2	After vine expressions closed many of us have tried this place. I new things and different types of cuisine but this place doesn't hit the spot. It's to go somewhere and get a wine list by the glass where you can choose a wine you but of course you want to know the freakin vineyard. Not here. By the glass, the list just has varietals - shiraz, cab, etc. They change their list a lot but so do many places. The food - below average. Tried the that they said was and famous. Bland. The sliders were eating a salt lick, too salty. The servers are but they tend to ramble on and give you a 15 minute dissertation on the menu and why you shouldn't look at the last page because it's not yet but they want you to know it's there. Finally, a few people mentioned the chairs. Boy, they weren't kidding. They have many stools at tables with no back. Customers should be comfortable, this is not. The seats with backs have as much padding as a 2X4. Bottomline, uncomfortable.You want options, here you go. The living room in Chandler, my wine cellar in Ahwatukee, postino in Arcadia, 5th and wine in Old Towne, kazimierz in Old Towne, and terroir wine pub in N Scottsdale. Been to all of them and all significantly better. Tons more on Yelp.Postino is supposedly opening where grainbelt used to be across from Joe's BBQ in downtown Gilbert so when that's there a local joint should be available. [SEP]
5	I've always wanted a family jeweler. Esp. if my at the time boyfriend was going to buy me an engagement ring. It means so much to me to have the true customer service when buying Jewelry, someone I can trust. And when I found this place one day while I was at CVS I knew I had found a (pun intended)! Peggy really made me and my now finance feel we were family. She him pick out my ring and answer every single one of his questions. I'm so to tell everyone where we got the ring from because I think everyone should know about this place! If your looking for jewelry with a smile, head on over. They are so to help you! [SEP]
4	This place looks a lot than it is. The shot photos of their food on their windows and walls do not do them any favors. I up eating here by chance when I was bringing back a group of teens to the JCC a few doors down--we had a few minutes for lunch before bringing the rest of the kids back to tucson. Most of the kids up in the mexican place next door, and seeing as we were pressed for time, I decided that Id get some thai food since I thai. I asked the lady in there if I could get something very quickly to go, she said no problem. I asked if I should get the pad thai or the yellow curry, she said get the yellow curry. So I did. She asked me how (and knowing that I had a and wanted something kinda spicy, but also momentarily forgetting that I was in a thai restaurant) I told her make it hot. In retrospect, I might have used a bit more caution with that statement. I also ordered some crab puffs which i know is not authentic, but i was in the mood. The crab puffs turned out to be excellent. Just different from your standard chinese food arrangement and yet still with their different style dipping sauce. The yellow curry was AMAZING, albeit a LITTLE bit spicier than I would have on a normal day...well, actually, it was a freakin inferno...but it felt to eat it with my and all. Just be advised ;) Would definitely go back next time im in the area. My only were that it took a little bit longer than I would have considering my situation, but had I been sitting down it would not have been a problem, and secondly the price was a little high I felt. It was after 3 (so a late lunch, i guess) and up having to pay the dinner prices. The two orders, without a drink came to about $15. Not terrible, but a little more than I would have to pay. [SEP]
4	My husband and I went there for lunch today and because of vegegirly C.'s review about the deep pickles guess what we ordered??? OMG they were amazing! We ordered the cajun style and man oh man were they goooooood! We have never even heard of them but I am so we got them. So crispy and so hot! Mmmmm (and 1/2 priced)!!!We got greeted and seated quickly. I ordered the chicken brie sandwhich and my husband had the meatloaf sandwhich. I am not sure where the comment about small portions came from because they were sized and we were both stuffed!The only change to the chicken brie would be to have the pears sliced rather than having thick pears to bite through. Otherwise it was yummy.I also ordered the Arizona Iced Tea for the first time since they didn't have mint to make my mojito. I was surprised at how light and it was.We had the entertainment card which they didn't so we can use it again, and we will :) [SEP]
4	One thing I about this place...are the cacti! There are just everywhere! This is a place to go camping in and to take lots of pictures of the scenery. The random people here are all very and so are the staff from the Visitor Center. The place definitely looks different when you compare from summer and winter. [SEP]
4	Some say you get what you pay for (with an of regret) . But with ASMT, you get what you pay for and you actually walk out happy. An hour massage for $12.50? Tell me where else can you get such deal? [SEP]
5	If you've never had or even heard of bingsoo you NEED to check this place out. I have two friends who were constantly bantering about bingsoo and this Fresco place. I was when I found out it was so close to my house. If you've never heard of it, this is how it goes down. It's a layer of shaved ice, then you have your choice of ice cream or FF yogurt, your choice of fruit off the menu (apples, strawberry, mango, banana kiwi and many others) and then your choice of sauce which is a fruit puree of either strawberry, kiwi or mango and honey. You mix it all together and there you have it. A somewhat dessert! They even have a frequent bingsoo buyers card =) This place isn't just all about the bingsoo though. They have a menu of sandwiches and fruit juices too! [SEP]
3	Overall this place isn't so for a quick mexican food place. It's not eating at a restaurant or anything that. The food portions are and sold at a price. I really their salsa and I felt it was and flavorful. I'd say this place is a small step up from Filbertos.The staff here, however, were really rude. They seemed to want to rush everyone around. [SEP]
5	Went here last night when on our last night staying at the Hotel Valley Ho. We were able to walk there from the hotel and it was so cute. The wait staff were and gracious. Once we saw how large the pizzas were, they accomodated us and the toppings on each side of the pizza so we got what we wanted. I did think the olives were really salty, but that's that type of olive. We had wine and the bruschetta sampler. people! [SEP]
5	I have to tell you....I had their Chicken Plate the other night, and it was yuuuuummmmmyyy! You gotta try it! [SEP]
5	I this place the more I go to it! The service is completely out of the ordinary for food and now they have something called, Mexican Gumbo. schneikies it's good!!! Can't beat the prices either! If I had a choice of this place over Chipotle, I would choose Qdoba ANY day!!! [SEP]
5	Quick, friendly, awesome. [SEP]
2	Despite being a red-blooded American male, I find this place a bit below average. Yes, the waitress wander around in shorts that would make a cheerleader blush--but thin bottle blondes don't do anything for me or the food itself. I've eaten here twice: the first time, I ordered huevos rancheros and coffee; today, I had the protein pancakes. In both cases, the service was mixed and the food was bland. My food came out quickly both times, but my server disappeared each time as well. Today, I sat for 15 minutes until I was able to get the attention of a manger who located my server for me. The food itself is not bad, but nothing to about. The protein pancakes were enormous and dense, but not nearly as flavorful as one expects from an item filled with almonds, blueberries, and cinnamon. As others have noted, they'll you on side orders--sour cream, tomatoes, guacamole, and the will all cost you a penny for diner-quality stuff.Finally, it doesn't affect the food, but the decor is and plain. Remember that first apartment you got after college with the white walls and tan carpet? This is basically the US Egg aesthetic. [SEP]
3	pricing and no upselling. These guys are good--but be warned, it's as busy as an beehive on Monday mornings! [SEP]
4	drink options, the food was as [SEP]
5	we only came across this place because an acquaintance it to us. I've lived up the street from this place for years and never knew it existed, it's quite the hole in the wall and to pass by.The place was and the owners did a job serving everyone in a manner and being attentive. We felt so taken care of!! :) I thought the prices were a little on the high side but when they brought out our meal all I could say was WHOAH!. The portion sizes were and my hubby and I could have really one entree and still had some leftover. The food was fresh, the meat tender, the atmosphere divine! 2 trips now and I'm such a fan! :D [SEP]
5	We The Olive Tree! We call it 'the grill' We eat there at least once a week - my littlest one has swim lessons next door. Both my eaters eating there! We the chicken kabobs and the chicken shwarma(sp?). Family ran, food we it! [SEP]
4	I came here on a from a friend. After reading the reviews, I was to try it out. I went on a Saturday night, half expecting it to be really busy. We were seated in about five minutes or less. Not busy on a Saturday night...made me kind of worried. The menu is sparse, it made ordering really easy. Service was considering the small amount of people in the restaurant. Refills were slow, service was kind of but not rude. Our pizza came out in about 15-20 mins. We ordered a white with garlic with pepperoni and sausage. The pizza looked and delicious, but that's where it all went bad.First off, the pizza crust was really soggy because of all the grease under the pizza. I have never ate such a pizza in my life. i had to every single slice, it literally created a puddle on my plate. There was a of sauce on my pizza, some parts of my crust were bare, not even a hint of red on them. The pepperoni and the sausage tasted and there was toppings on the pizza to justify the $2 price tag. The non soggy areas of crust were great, and the cheese was amazing. We ended up taking half the pizza home, the slices were filling. The pizza was the next day, after the box absorbed most of the grease, after throwing away the pizza box, the bottom of the box was saturated in grease. I'm not sure if grease makes a quality pizza, but in this case it just made a soggy crust.**Update** Under pressure I came back here and tried a white with chicken, they seriously redeemed themselves. I spoke to the manager and he insisted my last time was a fluke and should have been corrected. I would come back on occasion. [SEP]
1	Mucho es mucho mierda. Let me say first, that the place is cute, the staff is friendly, and the salsa is good. There. I'm not being a total jerk. The food, however, left much to be desired. I couldn't find much to about my chicken tacos- they were ok, but the meat didn't have much flavor, there was no cheese, and they were with the guacamole and pico. What really got me was that they didn't come with rice and beans. Instead, I got a pile of bagged romaine coated in some sort of caesar-ish dressing. Sure, there were a few cubes of cheese and a tomato slice (A slice!) on top, but come on. $14 for a couple of naked tacos and a pile of romaine? For that much, they could have at least picked the white core parts of the lettuce out of my salad. Or, I dunno, sprinkled a little cheese on the tacos?The story was much the same with the fish tacos, only the salad was different. The enchiladas seemed to be a hit, and those are served with rice and beans. the vegan at the table ordered a side of rice and beans for her meal, and they aren't kidding about it being a side. I think my cat's food bowl is bigger. They charge $1 per bowl if you want more chips. I know $1 isn't a big deal, but it's just the principle. I already felt off from the entree, so the extra charge for the chips just made it worse. to say, I won't be going back. There are far choices closer to home. [SEP]
3	This place was kinda cool. We first got there around 9:30 on a saturday night. The place was dead... but that is to be expected for a night club. The drinks are expensive, but tasty. The decor is AMAZING. The couches are and there is just seating space without it the joint. We ended up leaving after 1 drink and went back a few hours later and the place was busy busy busy. They had music playing and the dance floor was full. One was, I when you go to a bar and the bathroom has an attendant that you need to tip. They are holding everything that you need... soap and paper towels. I feel that I shouldnt feel forced to tip someone because I wanted to wash my hands after I used the bathroom. Overall the place was decent. I am new in town and I am sure that there are places to have a drink. I will most likely go back (in the future), just not in a rush to. [SEP]
1	10:30pm on a Saturday night. My friend and I try our second attempt at sushi for the night (see my review of Pearl for the first). Place is hopping. We take a seat at the sushi bar.The Waitress: Are you girls going to be ordering sushi?Me: I have a sushi menu in my hand, yes.Waitress: Would you mind putting it in soon because they want to go home too.Me: What the fuck, bitch. Uh, okDear Ra Waitress,I'm if I kept you or any other employess, especially since I finished eating my roll before your kitchen even closed. It was completely ok to rush me, even though I had no intention of staying all night and even though plenty of new sushi orders came after mine. I was hardly the last customer in there. There were people all around me ordering sushi, so I'm still as to why you needed to rush me. If you were in such a hurry- why did it take you longer to bring and process my bill than it did for me to eat your food? Maybe it was because you don't know how to count, since you gave the amount of change and I ended up having to tell you the amount since you couldn't count it on the spot. I Ra for the atmosphere, something you completely ruined. Thanks for that. Sincerely,Morgan [SEP]
5	Of course, they are no La Madeliene, but if you are looking for some croissants, this is the place to be. I love, love, their croissants. But which bakery's croissants do I not love? hmm... But I do theirs. I have had the almond croissant, the almond and chocolate croissant and finally today when we went there, I had the chocolate croissant. It was just amazing. That's all I can say. (They run out of the chocolate almond croissants quickly so go early if you want some)I have also had lunch here before, some Mediterranean sandwich stuff. The portion is very small compared to the price. Their macaroons look and funky. Have not tried them yet but plan on doing so next time. I almost gave them 4 stars because their hours they are open are very weird. But its okay, I will compromise Essence Bakery. They only use butter imported from Normandy in their Croissants. Wow. [SEP]
5	Went early to North for the New Year's eve special menu. 3rd time dining here. They did not have to have service or food on a yearly event, but as with the previous meals, it was outstanding. Hubby had the misto fritto, they always do the calamari perfect. just to make a special trip for it. I had the beef carpaccio, buttery and flavorful. The apple cider pork tenderloin was tender, moist and it was a huge portion. My hubby was stuffed but did not stop eating until it was all gone. Oink. I had the scallops. Always a of mine. They usually have it on the menu and often in a variation as a special. We both had the hazelnut chocolate cake. rich. We were both too full to eat but a bite and finished at home for the New Year's countdown. We really our dining at North and have been very at several other Fox restaurants. [SEP]
3	They don't have the lunch specials on the menu or tell you about them if you don't ask, so make sure to ask. The sandwiches don't come with fries and their fries are over priced for not being very good. The pulled pork sandwich is and so is the sauce. Also, expect a long wait especially if people are ahead of you. [SEP]
4	I've practiced yoga for years at At One Yoga and initially wasn't about their merger with LifePower. But now, after several months of going to LifePower, I think it's nice. The facility is big and and very kept. If you want to use the entire facility (the weights and machines) you have to sign up for a monthly contract. However, if you just want to take the yoga classes, you can buy them packages of ten classes. The ten classes can be used over any length of time. I that because if I'm out of town or busy, my class package doesn't expire. I do wish they offered more class packages, in groups of 25 or 50 classes, the the way At One Yoga used to do. Because typically the more classes you buy, the bigger the discount. The majority of the yoga instructors from At One Yoga have come over to teach at LifePower. I've taken yoga classes in several places throughout the US and I think these yoga teachers are among the in the country. [SEP]
4	Tried this place for weekday lunch. We arrived before noon and thing since they have a big lunch crowd. (not to worry, plenty of parking in back and seating outside w/ misters) to Aric and Monica for stopping by our table several times to make sure service was or they fixed it. We started with the Bruchetta, which was piled high. The we had the Smokey (arugula & smoked prosciutto) and the Marg pizzas. Almost had the Pabst on tap, but went for the Dunkel since its harder to find. As if the food wasn't enough, the decor and ambiance was over the top. The herb garden as you walk in and the bar with the salon chairs was a touch. Can't wait to go back. [SEP]
5	I was in Vietnam last May, and spent every summer in Westminster CA growing up, so to my 5 stars, Woohoo! As as it gets! I say to what's of what I've seen in PHX area. With that said, I've had the Bun Bo Hue, Pho Tai, Com Tam Dac Biet, Bun bi cha gio, and agree with what everyone said about cleanliness, freshness of condiments, integrity of broth ( of oiliness ), and general flavor. The only thing that didn't rock my world was the bahn mi sandwiches- can't for the assorted outsourced items in the chilled section either. Besides that, If you want Viet food this is your place for the PHX metro area. [SEP]
5	Staff was quick and efficient. Food was delicious. [SEP]
4	I had dinner here tonight, and the entire experience! The patio was roomy, our server was quick, and the food was delicious! I ordered the Thai Cobb salad and really the unique, flavor! My dinner was priced and I got a lot of food. I will be going back [SEP]
4	This is not very far from my home, but for some reason, I have never visited there. Maybe because we don't have New York Deli's in Spokane, and I'm not familiar with the idea.The other day, I agreed to meet my son and little granddaughter there for coffee and a bagel, and found that it is much more than just a bagel stop. They actually have a restaurant with quite an extensive menu. I had breakfast - the choices were very diverse - including skillets, various pancakes, bagels (of course), french toast, omelets, and a number of other items. The servings were large, and the service very and friendly. Most importantly, the prices were more than reasonable.The only thing that I disliked, was that they did not have hash browns. They do have potatoes as an option with the meals, but you cannot actually classify them as hash browns. They are - but not quite a replacement for hash browns and gravy.I actually it so much, that I stopped and had breakfast two days later on the way to the golf course. Again, breakfast at very prices. Although I usually don't eat lunch, I am going to have to make an effort to stop in and try their lunch menu. And their deli counter, and all the different varieties of bagels. [SEP]
5	I they chicken burger.... WOOHOO!!! IT! Crispy chicken (not too think, not too thick) but crispy. I ordered the build your own: Egg bun, crispy chicken, mayo, and swiss cheese. HELLO MAMA! The fries were good. The staff is always friendly. [SEP]
4	I'm basically a chain-hater (well, I dont them, but I try to avoid them).Capriottis is an exception.This sandwich shop has some of the sandwiches I've had for the type of establishment that it is: a chain sandwich shop.The Bobbie, which is made of freshly roasted turkey (I've seen the big hunks that didn't get chopped), cranberry sauce, stuffing and a hint of mayo is fabulous!The capastrami is a combination of pastrami, swiss cheese, russian dressing and cole slaw, and in taste.You can choose the size of sandwich you want, as well!Capriotti's also has salads, and a host of other sandwhich selections, which are and fresh.Their personnel are very friendly, the prices are very reasonable, and it can be the quick sandwich you've ever had...you just have to go! [SEP]
2	Busy after school which is to be expected...Wasn't very which is disappointing, especially for an ice cream parlor. We stopped in to try the new serve ice cream with sprinkles that turn the ice cream a new color. Don't know if the boy behind the counter was or what, but the kids got only a couple of sprinkles that didn't even cover the ice cream which was considering they charge for them. All in all wouldn't visit this location again. We the one closer to home :) [SEP]
1	My other had a $25 off coupon from Restaurant.com LOL. That could sum up the whole trip. I haven't been to many restaurants that participate with restaurant.com that are at all. I mean, I wasn't expecting much coming into this place, I shouldn't have expected anything here.I was in the mood for some red meat, and sushi places do actually have dishes teriyaki chicken and stuff that sometimes. So, I didn't mind checking this place out since I do a little bit of sushi on the side. The boolgogee, plain, simply plain. There was a salad with the boolgogee, but it too was plain. There wasn't nearly meat to warrant a price tag of $8, because the salad and rice probably didn't cost more than $0.50 to make.Oh, the sushi? All of the sushi we happened to get were either plain or spicy. By spicy, I mean that there were just too many tastes going on at the same time and it was too overwhelming. I tried a few bites of the 3-4 different rolls we got. After I tried each roll I thought that I it but that the taste was too for me to want to try another bite. We paid $18 for the food even after the coupon, and I honestly think that even at the price it might be a bit of a off considering you can get cheaper, higher quality sushi at Teharu.This place is a for sushi in my opinion. Its not to warrant the price tag. The part is that the interior is very done, if the food was actually this place would be extremely interesting. [SEP]
5	I stop here every Monday night and two hours of spinning and yoga by indulging in Mexican food. My wife swears by the carne asado tacos; the cheese enchiladas ring my bell. Although I phone in my order, the parking lot is always an adventure. However, the one night a young Hispanic girl celebrating her birthday in the restaurant's outdoor sitting area insisted I come over for a glass of milk and slice of her cake negated all the encounters with transients. [SEP]
4	food people price... your local businesses!!! [SEP]
4	We had the of eating here over the past weekend and what a treat. I had the 8 oz. filet (with the blue cheese on top) and my wife had the 6 oz. Both excellent! Side dishes (starch/veggie) were solid! We ordered the house wine (recommended) and also by the glass than other featured items.Also, I am to see some of the newer restaurants coming to the area. Having lived in for almost 15 years...seeing it start to in addition to offering restaurants with flavor instead of simply Western decor really is nice. Waiter was extremely informative. I even joked that he could of probably been a voice over in some animated movie or tv commercial. Anyhow, thanks for a night out. We plan on coming back next time we visit...can't wait to try the seafood. [SEP]
4	I've only been to the bar here. They make mojitos with an array of different fruits. I told the bartender to surprise me when I ordered my drink, and it was amazing. She put a mixture of fruit along with the mint and it was mixed. I also had their spicy shrimp appetizer which I didn't really care for. So many other places make a similar dish, but much better. They also serve really rolls with butter that come out and warm. The texture of the rolls are a little unexpected. I think they use tapioca flour as their base. I will definitely be back to their main dining cuisine. [SEP]
5	Pei Wei's has nothing on the food at TOTTS The menu is -- try anything!! The owner, Young, is such a man and will always help you understand the menu or make recommendations. In fact, one time we told him we wished a certain dish was spicier (we really hotttt food), and he told us to just ask next time we were in and they would make it spicier. Everything on the menu is fabulous, but some of my favorites are:Sweet and Pungent Chicken -- all time favoriteBourban ChickenTwins Pork [SEP]
2	Order was supposed to be 20 min ago...yet here I am still waiting...not even busy! [SEP]
4	My husband and I had our weekly date night. Mamma needed to get her drink! We decided to venture back to Phoenix since there are so many new places we wanted to try. Even though it was empty, this place looks it gets busy later at night. I my Lectric Lemonade, way to start the night. I the decor, and the setting above a Starbucks. Very hip. The only thing I would suggest to the owners is to reprint their Hour cards, it said HH goes from Mon- Sat. Bartender said is only Mon-Fri. I was not going to let that my night and I really the place. I will be back! [SEP]
4	Yelp search for vegan food me and my mom here little place on a golf course. Friendly, knowledgable staff made my inner server when they knew which plate went where. Quite a few vegan dishes, local wines. I really dug that they took a lot of local ingredients and added a to their menu.Glad I came! [SEP]
3	Same Majerle's menu as the other locations. food (especially wings), but high prices for both food and drink. service -- even overattentive on my last visit. setup for watching football games. [SEP]
5	As far as I know, I'm the only person in this town that has a dish named after them. I could be wrong, but I'm sure I'm right. I mean, I'm always right.By now, if you read my reviews, you know that I am vegan and I don't eat gluten. This makes dining out quite an at times, especially for breakfast/brunch. I really wanted to hit up The Vig Uptown for brunch because I it as a Hour spot, the space is incredible, it is within a bike ride from my house, and I the Original Vig, but alas, there was nothing on the menu to accommodate me. I gently mentioned in person and a few times on FaceBook that having some sort of tofu scrambler would really their menu.They listened.They created.They named. (after me!!!)We stopped by for brunch this past Sunday for the dishes debut, and got a personal hello from Tucker. He was because they had already sold TEN AMber Scramblers that morning and it isn't even officially on the menu yet! I'm already a star!So, whats the verdict on the AMber Scrambler? Amazing. Seriously. The thing that really sets this apart from other scrambler dishes is sun dried tomatoes. They bring such a flavor! It certainly doesn't that it comes with their signature guac and a side of pico.I'll be here every weekend for the dish and the $5 squeezed mimosas! If you know whats for you, you will too. [SEP]
1	I have been here a few times over the last 4 years and really it. It was on Saturday night (5/28). I ordered the enchiladas with chicken. When it arrived there were 3 tiny enchiladas with an ounce of cheese inside the soggy tortillas and the with chicken part apparently meant a few chunks of chicken would be tossed on top. I was so disappointed, but starving so I ate it. The guacamole was really too. I don't think we will go back again. [SEP]
3	In here for a sec but everyone seemed to be having a time! Live D.j. and room to be who u wanta be on the dance floor... there was poker going on in the corner and with a sized crowd. I the bartender chick, and she was for being the only bartender in there, and very nice. [SEP]
1	NO. Don't go. Don't do it. This was my first visit and it was on a whim because we drive by it often. One other reviewer here made a statement - go the grocery store and buy fish. I it will be than this. [SEP]
3	Friday night after a long workweek seemed to be a time to treat ourselves to a new cuisine, so my friend and fellow yelper John M. and I decided to check out this Uzbek restaurant. The interior would be mostly generic in appearance were it not for the somewhat ornate Middle-Eastern curtains, and a TV screen playing Uzbek and Russian music videos added to the ambiance. Large pictures of the main dishes in the counter area show you what they offer even before you are seated and handed a menu. For starters, we ordered Uzbek salad - tomatoes, cucumbers and white onions lightly drizzled with a dill vinaigrette - and blinchik, which are crepes with a flavorful meat and onion stuffing; beware, the blinchik are rather filling by themselves. We also ordered palov and lamb kebabs. The palov was a dish of tasty rice with carrots and meat, and was quite a choice. The lamb kebabs were juicy and flavorful, though the rice that came with it was on the dry side. A small basket of pita bread rounded up the meal. In all, it was a meal, not great, but definitely satisfying. And I do hope to try the soup dishes next time. [SEP]
2	This is a one. It's probably the Filipino restaurant in the Phoenix area. But that's not saying much, because the few there are here are really not good. Compare Jeepney Bistro to one of the places in Filipino Town (Los Angeles), and they get blown away.And, for the record, my wife is a Filipina. And she cooks MUCH than the chef here. No contest. A lot less grease/fat/oil, that's for sure!!Also, their portions are a bit small. Bigger than a few other places I could name, but still small.If you really want some Filipino food, and you don't know my wife to some from her, this is probably your option without driving to LA. But don't form your opinion of Filipino food based on this place. Go to LA and try Bahay Kubo Natin, or some others, and you'll get a much idea of what the cuisine is about! [SEP]
2	Have tried this place a few times now we sometimes order it for everyone at work. My impression is that its a step up from Taco Bell. [SEP]
2	The Protein Pancakes are always a treat, but the California Eggs Benedict was just today. The biggest were the hash browns though. They tasted shredded cardboard. I am of going to a restaurant 20 to 30 times and getting such results.Shame on you US Egg! [SEP]
1	If you sushi, go somewhere else. I was extremely in the quality of both the service and the food. I decided to take my family here because the other reviews seemed good; however, either my experience was an or the other Phoenix yelpers and I have differences in taste.The staff had smiles, yet follow through. We had to ask for water and extra ginger twice. The sushi rolls were the flimsiest I have ever seen! Although in quality, they were high in price for what they serve. I'm not sure about the names of some of their rolls...one was named Climax. and just distasteful. The decor and ambiance leave you wanting. They have three different wallpapers hanging and the music is overwhelming. Even though this is the only sushi bar in Surprise, I will drive to Peoria or Scottsdale the next time I have a craving for sushi. [SEP]
4	choice for sum. service, food and prices. [SEP]
2	I cannot stand this mall. They have some really stores but the people who in them are obnoxious. Most of the people walking around are snooty as can be, and everything is overpriced.The food court has some selection, but is always and you can rarely find anywhere to sit.Parking is awful. [SEP]
4	In the world of Mongolian BBQ near my work, there are 2 contenders: Stir Fry and AJ's Mongolian (formerly and possibly partially still YC's...). I Stir Fry because it has never been packed, and their meat resembles meat and not tubes of meat shavings. The small buffet offers more food if you aren't by all the food you crammed into your bowl. I the cream cheese wonton triangles, they rock the body that rocks the party. Yeah, they are a little if you tack on a soda. Just drink water and then tweet to the world how and off the grid you are by not being a soda drinker. I haven't quite gotten my sauce mix down yet, but that will come in time. That's the of these places, if your food is then the only person you have to is yourself and your of sauce mixing artistry. [SEP]
4	meal all-around. Was hoping for an experience...and that is what we received from start to finish. Really the grilled lamb and chicken, with garlic sauce on the side, and a Turkish coffee to finish.Service was and friendly. The staff was of their food/restaurant, as they should be...Highly recommend! [SEP]
3	After reading multiple Yelp reviews on this business, I decided to come here for the hits: Pizza muffins, Calzones and Antipasto salad.I thought the pizza muffins were and a alternative to bread sticks or garlic bread. They were loaded with TONS of sausage and ham and came with 2 different dipping sauces. Although a little and re-heated, I the factor.On to the entrees, the small Antipasto salad (5.99) was absolutely filling for a one person meal. I didn't find it any different from any Antipasto salad I have tried before, but I think people it for the dressing - which had flavor but A LOT of oil (more than half of the total dressing). The ingredients were but there is nothing out of this world about iceberg lettuce and dry mozzarella. The calzone was larger than a newborn baby and hotter than Phoenix in the summertime. Although the corners are mostly (if not all) bread the taste was very and with tasty insides. The spinach ham combo my friend ordered was and this meal could easily be in 2 for tasty leftovers... if you can stop eating.I found the teenage staff to be and but the bathroom needs massive help. Only one and really smells, the female employee who had just left the bathroom as I entered left wet paper towels on the handles of both exit doors... covering the entire area for me to hold on to and pull. Just.... disgusting, especially from an employee who should be trying to keep the establishment and looking.All in all, but not great. Its so if this is your price range, I think you can make it and still have a tasty meal. [SEP]
5	I've been to this location a few times, but this was by far the experience I've had. It was two Sundays ago, myself and seven friends wanted to watch the early games and get some food and drinks. My friend called ahead and made a reservation. When we got there, we had a big table reserved in front of all the TVs. Our waitress was very attentive, and quick. They had a bunch of beer bucket deals that we all took of and had a time watching all the games, some beverages and eating some food. Their breakfast burrito with chorizo was and it'll keep me coming back. See ya next Sunday, Majerle's! [SEP]
4	As far as salon-cafes go, this has got to be one of the ones. The sandwiches, while not particularly ground breaking, are and assembled with quality components. Also has a old-town ambiance. [SEP]
4	I've traveled to Phoenix several times for business trips and stayed at the Ritz. True Foods was my go to spot in Phoenix because it was across the street from the hotel. I this restaurant for the casual vibe and food. My dishes are the Edamame Dumplings and the Miso Glazed Black Cod. It was often to get out of for lunch, so coming to True Foods at the end of the day was always a treat. I only wish they had one in San Francisco! [SEP]
5	Aside from the Macy's on 34th street in NY, this one is my store. They carry all my designers, especially for clothes. Not to mention, the shoe department always the selection of pumps. There's a tiny Ukrainian woman that in the shoe department, I her, she is SO with me and gives me her two cents as she keeps bringing out the shoes. I wanna meet the buyer for this store and become her/his bestie. They also have a personal shopper near the women's dressing rooms. Not that I'd ever have the need for one but you might. The sales people are always really and helpful.On a side note: I once met this old guy who said he brought Janis Joplin to this store to buy panties when she did a show here. I've always doubted that story but it never that when I go to the lingerie department I tell myself I'm standing where the late Janis stood. She's one of my all times. [SEP]
4	Had lunch here today with Lynn W. and Rand H. the the place is new and the decor is done and . They have food selections to classify them as a buffet. As far as the food goes it was all with most of your typical Chinese buffet selections . Some of the extra items were steamed clams , double baked potatoes ,fresh strawberries and Vienna sausage. The macaroni salad I had was very and i went back for more as was the stuffed shrimp. There is also a sushi bar but I did not try any on this trip. The food here makes them a 4 star eatery and as far as the staff goes they need to be a lot more with a name buffet. [SEP]
4	This restaurant is inside the Baiz Market! So, don't your time trying to GPS it- just GPS Baiz market!Secondly, ambiance or quick service are probably not the reasons you'd come to eat inside an outdated restaurant on styrofoam plates.The food, however, is tasty. They have a wide of items typical to Middle Eastern cuisine: shawarmas, falafel, kebabs, pies, and more. They heat items up in an open oven and the food comes out very and hot!I tried the cheese pie and shawarma. Both items were very good. I still got onions when I asked for them to be excluded. I suggest skipping their small beverage options in the adjacent cooler and going to the selection on the south side of the store for a deal and variety.All in all, it is definitely trying out, especially if you are going to Baiz Market anyway! [SEP]
5	Toasted subs at their best.. The part of eating here is trying to choose one sandwich out of my four or five picks. And in the when they bring out the soups, I can hardly resist ordering the cream corn soup with my meal. [SEP]
5	First timers to this park on an early Sunday morning. Me, my bf, and our 2 old English bulldogs had a experience. You can choose between the active or dog park. We choose active but also decided to keep our dogs on leash being our first time and all. We were immediately greeted by a woman and her 2 boxers, very friendly. We walked the perimeter of the park to get our dogs use to being around other dogs and talked to several people along the way. We did have a small incident when a dog snapped at our dog but no harm, no foul. Looking forward to bringing the dogs here again! [SEP]
1	My husband and I went to Ernie's a few weeks ago on a Saturday night because it is within walking distance to our house and there is always a crowd so we wanted to check it out. We met our friends in the bar and waited... and waited... and waited... and waited. Still no-one offered to take our drink order. The bartenders and barbacks made eye contact but no-one came near us. We don't look hooligans or ruffians or anything so it was irritating. The thing was there were people eating in the booths around us, and one or two other people at the bar (who had drinks.) We finally got up and left. Why money on places that won't take it! I won't return and will my friends don't either! [SEP]
5	I'd have to say that among the restuarants in the Tom Jetland suite (Fez, Ticoz, Switch), Ticoz is my because of its dimly-lit lounge-like quality, which provides it a cozier feel than the other two. Add to that, the hypnotic Mojito creations and Ticoz is one of those places I could spend an entire weekend late afternoon at, as long as someone else drives, of course.The tamales are and are more similar to corn pudding than to traditional hand rolled tamales. If you get them with veggies, you'll find that the veggies are a little cut for the dish, so I some other topping. The beef is (especially in the tacos).All in all, this is one of my current favorites. [SEP]
5	I love-love-love Green. The atmosphere is and the food even better. The people who here are and very helpful. There are far too few vegetarian restaurants in Phoenix metro area and this one gets my full support. [SEP]
4	decor-who doesn't IKEA? service. We ordered a couple beers and the potato tots. I decided on the Ahi burger and the veggie burger, and my sister went with the two sandwiches: PBnJ and the grilled cheese. Everything was delicious!!!! for us we arrived about 30 min prior to hour, but we managed to get a couple beers at the $3 hour price. I've been here once before and since then it looks they added a few items to the menu. I'll have to go back to try the shrimp po-boy and the red snapper burger! [SEP]
2	I booked a night at this resort hotel because my daughter had a volleyball tournament in the area, and they had a special for 50% off suites. I wasn't for a number of reasons. First, even after the discount the rate was $124.00 which included an $8.00 (normally $30.00) resort fee which included things that any other hotel/motel would offer for local calls. Second, for the price I would expect things, maybe a FLAT SCREEN T.V.! Come on, they've been around for what, 10 years now? And a high dollar place this can't one? Another was the fact that their high speed internet access costs $15.99 a day. I can get high speed internet at any motel/hotel for less that $50.00 a night. Other include a t.v. remote that didn't work, and a shower head that was so that it almost came off when I tried to adjust it. I would never, ever pay $200.00 a night for this place, and even paying what I did. [SEP]
3	Food is a little pricer than standard Chili's, but it's in an airport so that's expected. Service was good, food came out quickly and to order. Be sure to stop by before you head through security. [SEP]
5	I have been here at least 10 times and have never had a complaint. The staff is friendly, the food is great, the atmosphere is lovely. My favorites - the LB lavosh and spicy cottage cheese.I will continue to come back to Local again and again! [SEP]
2	I used to be an shopper/seller at Buffalo Exchange. As I at a boutique, it was that I could bring in brand-name merchandise and get cash for it when I needed it. The majority of the staff knew me and were always very friendly. I don't know if it's new managment or new policies but things have definitely changed around there. After yesterday's experience, I will definitely be taking my clothing somewhere else. First of all, the service took way too long. Secondly, the buyer trainee was on about every single item I had brought in and priced a couple like-new $120-130 tshirts at about $20. The attitude of the staff is quite off-putting and it kind of makes it seem it's such a task. However, they red-haired girl who was working by the fitting rooms was very & helpful. I don't mean to sound a hater, but as I was quite a customer it was quite a disappointment, especially in this economic where customer service has never been more than for those who in retail. [SEP]
4	It's just and I'll be back ! Very chill. [SEP]
4	addition to the CityScape lineup! This is a big place with TONS of beers on tap, leather seats and employees. So far I've only been for hour, which is because they offer deep discounts on local beers. I'm definitely looking forward to sampling some of the food options. My one - most of the songs we heard here (I've yet to see a live band here) were horribly outdated 40 hits that I wish I had forgotten about. that's a matter of taste though ;)Looking forward to going back! [SEP]
4	A total from the summer heat. This and stocked neighborhood library is never crowded, so you can alway grab a PC or a table if you're lugging your own laptop. The selection of books and dvds are really too. [SEP]
3	Arrived around 5pm one Wednesday evening. The place is not in a area of Phoenix, and it looked deserted, and I was going to leave, when I saw a Mercedes and Lexus pull up. So I thought I'd give it a chance. The prices were somewhat reasonable, I got the Lo-Lo's for $11 (2 waffles, and 3 pieces of chicken). The food was tasty for what it was, but I only give it 3 *'s because its just so unhealthy.. kool-aid, waffles, syrup, and chicken! This is the kinda a place I may go once a year, but I just feel so guilty! Not sure what the syrup was, but it certainly wasn't real maple syrup (I'd imagine it is some sugar based creation), and the waffles were dry. The chicken wasn't very moist, it was also a bit on the dry side. [SEP]
4	After reading the other reviews, I thought perhaps I would weigh in - they seem to be all over the place. The are that the decor seems dated. To me, having grown up back east with this very sort of restaurant, it was charming. The restaurant is particularly to visit at night, when they turn on the lights in the garden. I the layout of the dining room, although I agree it is a 'cooler' experience to eat in the bar. I guess some people could be offended that the staff sit down and eat in the bar when it is slow, but I'm not one of those people - I think it adds to the charm. I had a very late lunch yesterday - around 3 - thanks to an appointment that went on forever. So we ended up heading to Riazzi's for a late dinner, around 8:30. At that time of the evening, the dining room was closed., so we sat in the bar.Their service is truly one of the strengths of this restaurant. On this night, they were - even for them. The waters came out immediately upon sitting down, then they took your drink order - as it should be. Neither my iced tea or water ever got below half a glass. This is something I occasionally find at places where the staff draws a lot of attention to itself when they refill drinks - particularly when it interrupts the flow of conversation. Not at Riazzi's - they are but unobstrusive. Their bread is my restaurant bread in the Valley - hands down. It is actually than the Italian bread I grew up eating back east in Hartford, New York, Boston and Providence. It's so that I wish they had loaves available. You have to possess a lot of discipline not to fill up on the bread.The salad is as others have described it - traditional, but fresh. My item on the menu is now listed under pizzas and described as a Spinach Pie. This used to be listed under appetizers as the Grass Pie, but if you order a Grass Pie, they'll still know what you mean. It is a cheeseless pizza with spinach and arrabiata sauce. Confession: I all things arrabiata. But this combination here is perfect. For about 1.50 (I can't recall the exact figure), they'll add mozzarella to it, but I've never done that because it is as it. They bring you a amount of tasty parmesan cheese, so you can always throw that on the Spinach Pie.So, I had that. as usual. My wife ordered the Penne Primavera, which was very good. Last time I was there with my daughter, she had the penne with garlic and oil, which I thought was just superb. Simple, but for a garlic fan me. I have a feeling most folks skip over such an entree in of something more elaborate, but I it. We didn't have an appetizer, and even though I wouldn't describe the portions as enormous, they were and neither of us could finish our entrees.Is Riazzi's going to be for the young, hip crowd? Probably not, although it is at night with their lights and sunken/elevated dining room, and has the 'cool' factor of the bar. It totally hit my 'nostalgic for the east-coast Italian restaurant' needs. I just wish the service at most modestly-priced Valley eateries approached Riazzi's. You can get with the bread and service over here. [SEP]
5	Heard about this steak house from Lindsay, my Yelping 'go to' and I am grateful. What a night, feeling Men' ish as we walked through the kitchen when entering the restuarant. Atmosphere was and the food.... WOW. My had to be the steak and bean chili/soup.... fantastic.Steaks were our of this world and the mushrooms... devine.When entering the restaurant we greeted by staff ... with each one adding input into our experience.... especially Patti, our server. She was helpful, informative, and sealed the deal of a night. Thanks [SEP]
4	Okay, eating Thai food in what seems to be an old diner is kinda weird. But after getting off of long flights, my mother and I needed some kind of Asian food and quick. The GPS was taking us to a sushi joint when we drove by this place and we immediately switched gears.I give these guys major for the portion size. Seriously, I felt I was still in Texas with such an enormous plate full of pad thai sitting in front of me. And it was delicious--plenty of peanuts, the noodles were cooked, and they didn't skimp on the meat. My mom's soup had to be improvised since they'd run out of octopus. They asked her if she wanted to change her order or just double up on the shrimp and she chose the latter. Sure, it was tasty, but she was really disappointed. The spring rolls were okay, but they were tiny and not piping hot.This was a way for us to start our trip and the food hit the spot. It came out quickly and the service was quite (though not quite professional). I'm all about the mom-and-pop shops and when the kids are working for the parents, I feel for them even more (been there, done that). With a parking lot and some remodeling to get rid of the diner feel, this place will continue to attract more and more clients. [SEP]
5	Fable III used AND looks brand new for $11?! OH YEAH! I'll take it!I upon this place because our little cousin wanted to get a game, and he had been here before with his aunt. The place was filled with games all over the walls and even to play. I'm guessing original games are back and in style again. Plus they are just to try or have a flashback from the 80s. The store is clean, open aisles to walk through, prices on the games and the customer service from Gary and is phenomenal. These guys were very nice, about the games, and went out of there way to make everyone happy. job guys! :)All the high star reviews are true! This place is SO much than any other gaming place I've been too. My husband it too. He was a kid in a candy store. What a find! I think you should take a trip to this store, even if you don't play. Get a game as a gift. Just to experience this place, it is something special and unique. [SEP]
3	Ive been to F&H on numerous occasions. The night usually goes a little this.. I walk up to the entrance, I see people smoking outside in a small fence area. I look over and see these groups are starring at me i just readjusted myself in public. I give them one more glance and realize in two hours we all will all be friends exchanging stories about our days when in reality I couldn't give a flying f*[% about their new kitten they adopted and named Bunbun. But in 2 hours I will and each of their stories and be I never found such intellectual people sooner. Before I get to the door I feel eyes spying on me. I look up to find one of 17 hostesses peering through the window to yank the door open a mere second before I reach for it. (you can't beat them to this.. Ive tried several times, they are at what they do. Just prepare for this and accept it.) as I step inside my eyes automatically affix to the bar top. I scan up and down the row of seats. As I'm scanning down I see two empty seats. I'm not sure if guy code applies to bar seats the bathroom urinals (guys.. You know what I'm talking about).. But I usually just start the night off not giving a... Because I already aknowledge the fact things are only going to from here anyways. I start with a tall miller light and look up at the game playing on the TV's. I continue my beer almost empty then order some beer buffalo chicken tenders with extra ranch. I look into the reflection of my phone to make sure my face isn't suddenly disfigured because she looks at me as if I just asked for an order of wine and chive biscottes. I explain that I am looking to get the beer buffalo wings then she calls for backup I'm speaking a foreign language. Hey Lacey! This guy wants beer buffalo chicken wings they say some things, a bit then come back with.. So you want chicken tenders and ranch?. I explain again to the both of them. They both tilt their heads to the side. Either this one beer slammed me, and I'm speaking at this point, or they just don't understand what buffalo wings are. so..you want a cheeseburger and a side of buffalo sauce sir?. They do a little further team planning and come up with a solution and I end up with beer chicken tenders dry as a bone with no sauce and a side of buffalo sauce. My friend getting the opposite when we both ordered the same thing except he gets no buffalo sauce and a side of ranch.. I find it to me less and less each time because I expect it now. Their food really is good, and their service is...Did i mention that their food is really good? I look back up at the TV acting real and care only to realize ive been watching female tennis on the television next to me for the past 30 minutes while everyone eIse is attentively watching the football game. I'm not to admit that I continued watching it. I think it was the grunts that kept my attention. I finish eating, grab another beer and me and the friend approach the ping pong table. You need to go to the hosts stand to get the equipment. It's free. Wait no it's not.. It's a dollar. Nope that was last month. Now it's 9 bucks an hour. empty those pockets. Just remember every hour you playing you could have fed 27 starving ethiopians for a month. But in your stooper you chose to dish out the $9 myself and play pool or ping pong. on you.PS.., of the twins... I thought I was loosing my mind after a few beers seeing one girl cover the whole restaurant in a matter of mere seconds. If you ask your server for something and she looks at you funny... it's either because you asked her twin, or you asked for buffalo chicken tenders.Also... if you stay late the cops hide and wait for you to leave the parking lot as soon as you turn out. But of course you have a designated driver... right?Overall, the food I have ordered was great.The service was...the food was really good. [SEP]
4	I really my stay here!We used a groupon and I will stay there again when I visit Arizona. The rooms were very tidy, bath and body collection for shampoo and soap. I how the pool was open all night as well. The pool and tub did need a bit of scooping because there was some debri in there but nothing terrible. Towels were as as water too for the guests.The front desk people were very and gave us an early check in no problem. My fiance and I wanted to go down to Mill avenue and were surprised when the front desk said there was a 24 hour shuttle that would take us and pick us up. The driver was very with advice on places to go and also tips to keep out of trouble. :)We went to Milagros for a margarita too, and the bartender was very and the drinks were not expensive.The hotel is very close to Arizona Mills mall and other places in Tempe. It was every penny! [SEP]
4	I have been to RA a handful of times for hour, and was always by the music and crowd. However, this time I went here for hour as a first stop for a Bachelorette party and I had a time. The social atmosphere was for getting the night started. The group ordered a ton of appetizers and rolls, and even a drink each, and we walked out at about $30 a piece. The elderberry mixed drink was especially good.Normally, I do not pick this place for sushi hour because I don't their quality of sushi and placed to relax with a friend or two. But if your going for a group atmosphere, this place is perfect. But only during hour, otherwise it is definitely not the price. [SEP]
5	I this place I have been here 2wice and it puts of the others in the country to shame. I hope that I can volunteer here. [SEP]
4	I'm so these guys are here. I next door at Gangplank, and the previous sandwich shop in this location was okay, but really started to slide downhill. Planet Sub totally renovated the place (looks great), breathed new life into it, and came out swinging with a diverse and tasty menu. You can really tell they're working to make this a experience, and the sandwiches I've tried so far have been excellent. Look forward to going back soon! [SEP]
4	Brackin's is my new day drinking spot. The bar itself is located within a tucked-away area in the Old Town Scottsdale mall area. The atmosphere is very relaxed, and when the owners swing by, they really make an effort to get to know you. Prices are also very relaxed, with bottled beer landing around $3 for domestics. All in all, if you are looking for a spot to out with a couple drinks, maybe some live music, and do some people watching; I would definitely Brackin's. [SEP]
4	I brought DD and her friend here today after a long day of Summer Camp and running around. We showed up shortly before 3 p.m. for their Pop In Playtime, which is supposed to be from 10 am to 5 pm. There are two rooms of bouncy house contraptions that are for children older than age 3. I don't know if they have actual age or size restrictions, but kids younger (and/or small kids) would have a time here. One reason it would be for younger kids? There are specific instructions for the contraptions which they go over with the kids before they are allowed inside. Some have a max of 2 kids at a time (the courses), some have a max of 6. One has a max of four, with three on the ladder and one going down the slide. Younger kids would likely need to be constantly reminded of the rules, as they can be a little rigid.Both my 4 year old and the 9 year old it here. They both said they preferred it to Jumpstreet. The girls were bummed out when at ten minutes to 4 someone came in and said playtime would be ending in ten minutes. Then the guy said if parents wanted to know why, we could approach him. Upon approaching him, he said that two birthday parties were booked for 4 p.m., so they were ending Pop In Playtime early. Some parents were VERY upset, having just gotten there less than 30 minutes prior. DD was very disappointed. It took a little prodding to get her to put her shoes back on and get to leave after only an hour of playing. On the way out, some parents stopped by and talked to the shift manager. She just handed out cards for another session since ours was cut short. cool; we will use the cards to bring another neighborhood kid back with us.There were JUST the amount of kids here at this time of the day. I cannot imagine how nuts it must be here on a weekend or during Summer mornings. Still, bring a book and some bottled water and sit on the sidelines... or do as I did and run the course several times on the insistence of the kids. ;) It was fun! [SEP]
4	Being a long time devotee of the Gelato Spot, I never gave this place a shot. I must admit, the Marscapone gelato was very good. I probably won't switch from Gelato Spot because parking is so much more at 32nd & Camelback. However, the next time I am out for a walk in the area or am in the mood for a treat after dinner at Postino or LGO, I will definitely pop in. [SEP]
3	I haven't been to a Tomatoes location in over 3 years. I have never been to this location before, but the service was good. The selections haven't changed that much. I was to see they had strawberry muffins with strawberry butter. YUMMY! The salads are still and good.I wish they had more non dairy alternatives there. [SEP]
3	Being that not many places were open on New Years Day, I decided to cruise around and see what was open. Being that the bookstore wasnt quite open yet and had a line, I drove around a little bit to see if I could grab a cup of coffee to some time.I pulled into the parking lot because theres several stores located in this strip mall, and have shopped at a few stores here before. I found this coffee shop smashed inbetween other stores. Its a very small shop, with extremely seating. I will say I it here, and I my experience for a lot of reasons. Thier prices are as all get out, which is great! I got a 12 ounce Mocha for $3.24. Awesome! Service here was and friendly, and I will return in the future.So why 3 stars? there were a whopping 2 tables to sit at inside, and thats kind of a problem. I also asked the girl about the internet, and she said the signal was in and out, and should be fixed in a few days after the holiday. For me, a coffee shop is a place that I to park at for an hour, plug in my computer, surf the net, and drink coffee. I dont sitting outside because A) I have no plug and my battery after an hour, and B) in the summer Im not sitting in the heat. So, even though I would return for the prices and service, I wouldnt this place for anyone who plans on staying for more then 5 minutes. [SEP]
2	This is one of those reviews where a qualifier is required. It seems everybody that gives this transit system a rating is a Phoenix native. That makes this, so many other things, for Phoenix. The is that it's compared to nearly every other metro system in North America and absolutely compared to more parts of the world.This is quite possible the train that I have ever ridden in my life. It seems to make stops every two blocks and it take far too long to get anywhere. Factor in the hours of operation and you're going to easily find yourself stranded at one end or the other after a night at the bar.Please on expanding the routes and hours, speeding up the trains and then maybe you'll be able to increase ridership. I'm a huge fan of mass transit but this train far short of expectations. [SEP]
5	it. Food was great, service was great. Not to find, but the search!!! [SEP]
4	First time at St. Francis last night. menu selection, had an server, portion size and meal. I tried the chicken salad for dinner and it was tasty and just then size. They have provided a atmosphere with exposed brick, steel tables, and just the amount of lighting and music. Only was the backless seats at our booth. Very trendy, but somewhat uncomfortable. Ask for a table instead and you'll be fine. I'll return. [SEP]
5	I'm giving Bobby Q an extra star in this update to my previous review, because although it has its share of hits and misses, it is, in fact, as as it gets in Phoenix for barbecue. I barbecue. It is a hobby of mine. When I get on something and want to know what it should look and taste like, I go to Bobby Q and am almost never disappointed. Most recently, this happened with beef brisket. I'm going to upload a picture I took of Bobby Q's brisket because seriously, if you look at it and don't want to immediately from desire, then you just don't barbecue. If I had anything at all to say about Bobby Q, it would be that sometimes their meats can be slightly but this is not the norm. Their quality control, considering how much food they must serve to keep up with the demand, is astounding. Their prices are too high, but of course, you're paying for the almost Disney-esque atmosphere. Their sauce is absolutely (although it should be noted: they don't understand what spicy means). All in all I really can't say things about this place. Go look at my brisket photo. Seriously. [SEP]
4	Second visit to L&L. The first was at lunch with a group of moms second with my family. The service was which is saying a lot. They didn't have to ask what we needed they surveyed the table and kept the meal moving. Which I since we had the three kids with us. This is not traditional chinese, so get the asian nachos. They are a giant appetizer very unique and quite tasty. EVERYONE their meals and the hour deals are good. I see more visits in my future. [SEP]
5	Headed back to Lobby's. How I this tasty burger. I wasn't with round 2. The burger was still fantastic! I'm also that the fries were a little bit less salty than my previous trip. With any burger purchase, getting the combo pack (fries/soda) is the choice.I do wish that they would the styrofoam soda cups and offer more than one size of drinks.Make sure to grab plenty of napkins before you sit down. The burger can make a with the homemade sauce off the meat and bun. That's a thing in my opinion! [SEP]
5	Rivas me get through numerous late night study sessions and early morning hangovers! to go with anything on the menu, but my two faves are the Carne Asada and Chile Rellano burritos...with horchata, of course! [SEP]
1	Do Not Eat Here if you think a bathroom in any way has anything to do with the of the food preperation. There was literally dried smeared feces on the toilet seat and the floor looked it had never been washed. Of course the restroom cleaning check-list was not initialed the entire day. Oh...I almost forgot there were no paper towels to dry my hands. I told one of the employess and he says I know dude. It's rediculous that the bathroom looks this when you have 10 employess standing around with their thumbs up their asses gossiping. Burger was over-priced. Milkshake was ok. Also no napkins anywhere in sight on the tables or at the bar area. Apparently napkins are something you have to ask for? Whoever owns this place needs to get a manager at this facility, because he is loosing money with all of the one-time customers who will choose to go somehwere else next time. [SEP]
5	http://www.in-n-out.com/secretmenu.asphttp://www.badmouth.net/in-n-outs-secret-menu/Double Double Animal Style.It is the trip cross country. maybe not, but I do them while I am visiting. I cannot get of them.If you are really hungry: http://www.texasburgerguy.com/2005/01/16-x-tra-patties-and-x-tra-cheeses.htmlThe private stalled restrooms are always and stocked. 4 Flushes. [SEP]
5	opening, so still working out the kinks. Food was deelish. Scallop poppers- crispy and spicy; not at all greasyHoney chicken-a little but so goodTeriyaki chicken-subtler than other places' teriyaki, but much flavor and chicken was tendertootzi roll- bursting with flavor and rolled perfectlyNice touches with cucumber water, Asian decor, unique glasses, menus, plates, etc.Will definitely be back. [SEP]
5	By far the Mexican food in Scottsdale! Food and Salsa amazing! Service phenomenal! prices!!!! [SEP]
4	hour. always comfortable, staff. we'll return often. [SEP]
5	As a bonafide recovering Art Bitch, I give this university gallery the blue ribbon for kickassery!Truly a hidden (i that phrase) in Tucson, the collection and the revolving pieces never cease to me. I have brought almost every single tourist from the east coast to this gallery, including some photography professors, and they leave with snoooty mouths agape that in this little town resides a high-caliber, manicured collection of the arts. I am always when I visit and I can't stop by this gallery-and don't out out on their catalogs, magazines, books, postcards and prints they have in the atrium as unique gifts/decoration.Splleeeendid. [SEP]
4	Scale of 1-10 (multiple visits):8 Food8 Service9 Atmosphere8 ValueLove it. The wines are and they have drink specials ($5 glasses!) and the place looks great, and it's light railable! The panini was good, not special, but the creme brule made me forget all about it. And work. And oil spills. And life. god my body's innate didn't forget about breathing or bladder control. Those stayed intact.And the bruschetta what what! [SEP]
5	This is one Ethiopian restaurant, rivals anything I've sampled in Washington DC or Seattle. If I lived in Phoenix, this would be a Top-5 restaurant for me (along with Lo-Lo's Chicken & Waffles - yum!).Lalibela takes a slightly different approach to their menu. Many of the entrees are offered as small portions ($4.50-$6.00 each). They suggest each diner order 2-3 of these to make a meal. Kitfo and Lamb Tibs dishes are offered as full entrees and many Ethiopian restaurants, you can order combo plates (meat combo, veggie combo, house combo plate etc.). This made deciding on our meal a little more complicated, but also offered more for sampling different dishes.Our dish ordered was the Lamb Tibs (the spicy version with Awaze spice paste). Lamb was soooo tender, and the spices were a - in flavor but not too for those with tame palettes. thing it comes as a full order - four of us were competing for bites!! We ordered a half portion of Keye Wott (beef in a spicy brown sauce) that was some of the I've ever had. Again, in flavor but not too spicy. My Ethiopian meat dish is Kitfo - choice beef sort of steak tartar (servered raw or lightly cooked) but with Ethiopian spices. Lalibela's was good, just not transcendent the Lamb Tibs or Beef Keye Wott. The vegetable dishes were on a whole - especially the yellow lentils, gomen (collard greens) and spicy (Wott) lentils.Staff was - attentive, service. Unlike some Ethiopian restaurants, this one is very user-friendly. Although in some cases the menu accommodates American tastes it doesn't compromise on quality or authenticity. One note on the injera (sponge-like bread used to scoop up the entrees) - it's a mix of wheat flour and teff (a grain indigenous to Ethiopia) and I don't think it's fermented injera that is made with 100% teff. I'm used to the latter, but you can argue Lalibela's injera doesn't compete with the flavor of the entrees as much.All in all, one of the Ethiopian restaurants I've been to, and I have been to many in the States. Only now is whether my Ethiopian restaurants in Seattle will still taste as good! Highly, highly recommended. [SEP]
4	Sprouts is great, they have a selection of fruits and veggies and their sausage is made in house and really on the grill! The grab and go meals are for a quick dinner and the sandwiches and soups are spot on for lunch. Very and staff. [SEP]
4	I usually don't review chain restaurants since I don't want everyone to know that I eat at them...but I have to give a shout to this location of McCormick's! We were in Phoenix for a quick weekend and I had to do any Yelp research before leaving, so when my bf found M&S from the concierge we decided to give it a go. We had been with our last experience at the one in Dallas so I was mainly just hoping to have my hunger satiated so I could go to bed.I was very surprised. We were hungry so ordered what felt tons of food (don't judge!). The mussels and bruschetta to start were great! The mussels were small, the way I them, and the sauce/broth/bread soak they were in was amazing. I had the halibut stuffed with a bunch of stuff as suggested by our server, bf had the dover sole, both were good, but that dover sole was amazing!!!! very light and cooked. I wish I could cook fish that.We finished with some kind of passionfruit mousse dessert that was SO good. I almost took another one to go.The service was great. I would go back to this M&S location anytime I was in town. [SEP]
5	When I moved away, these were the tacos that I missed! I stopped back today, and must say - it was exactly how I remembered! The lunch specials are very priced at $5.99 and come with two items and rice and beans. I always get the taco - shredded beef, lettuce, and cheese in a deep corn tortilla - and the cheese enchilada. I could eat the rice and beans alone, both are so and they definitely don't skimp on the cheese! The only thing to watch is that the red sauce can vary from visit to visit - some days it's hot, others - not so much.The wait staff is and always try to help me because my Spanish is so limited. The interior is large but very modest, there aren't a lot of decorations - this is a place to come for the food and service and not th ambiance. Still, one of my faves! [SEP]
4	An menu and chalkboard signage, as as of information from our server, to confusion.Like most have said before, my friend and I were very with the atmosphere at Tryst Café in terms of its decor and layout. However, information about specials on the menu and two separate chalkboards to about what specials were (given the day of the week and hour of the day.) When we inquired with our server, she didn't know and had to double check what was included, when specials were and for what price. I'm not sure if she was new to this job or just trained.Fortunately, Tryst Café delivered in other ways. The drinks were strong. My friend tells me her two glasses of Montpellier Cabernet Savignon (pictured) were delicious. My Tryst Pepino was fine, though was missing the mint garnish described on their menu.The Humus Trio (pictured) was and came with slices of cucumber however, it did not come with the traditional side of pita bread which had to be ordered separately. The Steak Salad (pictured) was and the chunks of meat were oh, so, and juicy!I hope to revisit Tryst Café sometime soon. My only hope is that they up some of the about what specials are and appropriately train their staff to know what is actually included, when specials are and for what price. [SEP]
5	place for Sushi, ordered the Musscles ( Caution very large order even with only four) wine. Ordered Eel Crunch Roll, Tuna Roll, Shell Crab Roll. All of it was to for. A little Gem. Pricing is not high or low. Environment is pleasant, service was and waitress was very with suggestions and information. [SEP]
5	Been here twice now and tried two different dogs and two sides. Nothing was disappointing. I have tried both the and spicy dog and the hana dog. Both dogs were and had very distinct high points. The and spicy does something very rare for me and actually gets me to pineapple mixed with other foods. I this dog had flavors all over including the dog itself which was cooked and the amount of heat. The hana was just a stack of amazingness that had a real mexican flair. The bacon is the real adding the bacon flavor and a crunch that gives the textures some depth.The sides were to. The chili is not some canned stuff and is good. The tater tots are just though and crispy outside and that pillowy inside you crave.If you want a gourmet dog this place is not going to let you down. [SEP]
4	I paletas. I found this place through Yelp and what everyone said. I grew up in South Phoenix and I do remember the paleta carts rolling around. Since those aren't around I had to find an alternative. I do this place however for me $3 / paleta is quite high. They used to be $1. FYI: It's cash only. [SEP]
1	AWFUL. Not sure it classifies as food. Burrito consists of a flour tortilla and meat. No salsa, beans, cheese, cream, guacamole. Nada. Plus they won't let you add anything to it. Everything is as is. The cheese enchalada had cheese but it was not gooey and melted. The food was barely luke warm. Service is also mediocre. The salsa was gross. It was water down. The part of the meal was my Pepsi. [SEP]
5	Cakes around!This may sound crazy, but I've never actually been in this place. But I've tried so many different things they have. My job goes through Karsh's for all the anniversary cakes, catering, and special events. We get cookies, cakes, and other assorted pieces of from Karsh's. Recently, my coworkers wanted to try something different. They got an eclaire, cake balls, and mini rainbow cakes. The rainbow cakes are the thing to ever go in my mouth. I could eat those for days. They just melt in your mouth plus they're covered with chocolate. What? Yes!My friends also got me a Karsh's cake for my birthday a few years ago. I wish I had a picture of it. It was so with a butterfly on it. And it tasted amazing.Though I've never been a paying customer and I've never walked through their door, I this place and highly it for any event you may be throwing. [SEP]
5	This place does not disappoint. I've been here quite a few times with coworkers and it's always a choice.Cute place - I especially sitting on their cozy, covered patio. I mushrooms but somehow their fungi pizza. I think it's the truffle oil that makes it amazing. I've had a few of their other pizzas too, which are quite as well. All of their salads are delish - you can't go with any of them.If there's just one other person with you, you can't go sharing a pizza and a salad.This place is WAY than Pizzeria Bianco.Will continue to come back here! [SEP]
4	We ate here for the first time this morning. The food was than average, the portions were and the service was both and friendly. After seeing that their sausage gravy is made from every day, I had no option but to try it. It didn't disappoint. It was creamy and but not overly or heavy sausage gravy can so easily be. The omlette my husband and I shared was tasty and the veggies were and plentiful. Our daughter's pancakes were fluffy and cooked and very tasty. Anytime we do a sleepover at grandma's in north Scottsdale, this is a sure bet for breakfast! [SEP]
5	I'm not generally a big fan of burgers, but I this place! Their blu burger is amazing! Bleu cheese crumbles, carmelized onions and thick, crispy bacon on an onion bun, oh my! I highly adding avocado to it as well. I can't speak for the other sandwiches because I the blu burger too much to order anything new. Heh.The zucchini fries are a thing of AND they allow dogs to out with you on the patio while you your meal. They even brought my little guy a disposable water bowl!I've also had with their waitstaff, everyone is and on task. It's busy on a Friday or Saturday night, but just for a Saturday afternoon lunch. [SEP]
4	As far as Subway's go, this one is than most than I have been to. I frequent this Subway quite often as it is the closest Subway to my office. The candor from the sandwich artists is always refreshing. You can tell most of them actually their jobs. Once I found a piece of plastic in my sandwich. You know when you open a bag of turkey and the edges of the bag are all to open? A sliver of that ended up in my sandwich. The manager was quick to act and ended up making it a non-issue for me. I how he took charge and took care of it. Just another reason why I go back. [SEP]
4	I don't come to AMC very often, even though it is the closest to my house, has parking, movies. And there is only one reason....THE HARKINS $1 SODA CUP! Listen, AMC, get something similar and you will have my business every time. I can't justify going into a movie theatre and paying $4 or $5 for a soda. So you know what I did? I snuck it in in my purse. Paid at the kiosk so never really had to talk to a person. I'm going to do this from now on if I go there. I have a new purse, soda cup fits without spilling. GET A SODA CUP AMC! [SEP]
4	After browsing at the Bookman's next door, we were feeling hungry and were tempted by the notion of tasty burritos. We ended up getting non-burrito meals, but were fully with our entrees. The green chile plate was filled with cooked pork with a spicy tomatillo sauce that went with the pork. The horchata tasted freshly made and was very and light. Overall, I think Big Burrito is a option for those that want a filling meal without your wallet. [SEP]
1	THIS PLACE SUCKS!!!!! It really deserves NO STARS!!!You can only this place if you don't know anything about Vietnamese food. What I tried...Bun Bo Hue: Broth didn't even taste Bun Bo Hue. Spicy but has no flavor. Where's the beef shank or hog's feet? You can't have Bun Bo Hue without the shank or hog's feet. They use the cuts of meat. This item was on their Daily Special. Pho Chin Nam: The broth was sweet. You know what that means....MSG galore!!!! Not even a hint of Anise star in the broth. How can you specialize in Pho if you can't even make the broth taste right?Service stinks. I it when the waiter holds the bowl in such a way that his thumb is on the inside of the bowl while serving it. The dude never refill the water, ask how things were, etc.Vegetable platter was not fresh. Bean sprouts were starting to brown. If you can't cook something why even serving it to customers. I don't know about other entrees they offer but I won't be coming back to find out. This has to be one of the Vietnamese restaurant in the valley. Check out my extensive list of Vietnamese Restaurants for suggestions to ones. [SEP]
4	Dined outside. It's a must do when the weather is right.Fit's into the 'Fashion Square' mentality an aura.Great appetizers and they did a job on the steak.We'll go back again sometime. [SEP]
5	My sushi restaurant ever! I their ama ebi nigiri (sweet shrimp) and always craving for more. For this visit I tried their dynamite scallop roll and salmon roll (with asparagus inside) and it was so makes me craving for more. The pork ribs were very and it was melting in your mouth! What makes this restaurant to be my number one spot of Japanese restaurant in the valley was the sushi chef service is superb! They ran out ama ebi and I told the waitress that one of the reason I came there is for that ama ebi. The chef suddenly came back to me one hour later and said he saved one ama ebi for me!!! What a service!!!! I'm so of this dining experience and will definitely become one of their regular customer!! this place so much!! [SEP]
1	service. [SEP]
3	Sandwiches are and tasty..however..they don't include drinks, salad, just a small cookie on the side. We just ordered 2 sanwiches and 2 sodas, a little on the side, totaled out to $27 just for that. The sandwiches are gigantic or anything. just left feeling a bit hungry and disappointed. [SEP]
4	This place is becoming a hour stop for my fiance and I. Service is friendly, the panini's are delish and the bruschetta is to for. Anything with their yummy fig is amazing. I the ambiance. Very casual, and with outdoor and indoor seating. I'd say service is on the side, but it's b/c the place is always packed. They have hour deals. I will say that the parking situation kind of (valet only unless you want to park down the street). But other then that, I have no and will definitely be back! [SEP]
4	Okay, if you're looking for a Chicago Vienna Beef Red or a NY Sabrett street cart dog; then you might not understand Dog Stop. HDS does Sabrett's but this is more of a gourmet dog place. The portions are very to say the least and very tasty. The folks who run the place are from France and have put their own spin on things. So if you're fixed on what a dog should be, then go to Luke's, or Al's or even A & W; but if you want 'something completely different, to borrow a phrase, then by all means try HDS. Enjoy! [SEP]
3	shop with kitchen items that I would use for our kitchen. It seems whenever I go in there their products don't work. Avoid ordering any of their coffee pots because we had to return them twice in a row. It seems whenever we walk in there the employees don't seem to be about the products there. I give this store three stars for having a of kitchen items and an place to visit. [SEP]
2	I agree with Chris L.; I was with the cafe. Granted, I was looking for a college-type coffeehouse where I could grade papers, and this place just didn't have that sort of lounge-y feel that even certain Starbuck$$ have. There was no background music being played, and even with my ipod/headphones on, I was distracted by nearby conversations. I got much more done at 3 Roots near campus. [SEP]
4	I have been trying to reduce my caloric intake and found out that at Red Robin you can order a petite burger. It is smaller but has the same toppings you order on the regular. So for those of you that don't want to have a burger that is 1000 calories (yes they are and more with the endless fries) , try the petite. [SEP]
1	I Saddle Ranch for its casual night time festivities (including watching people ride the mechanical bull hehehe), but I cannot the fact that the food was disgusting!When I think of my meal this past Friday night, I think of two words: dry and cold. The spinach artichoke dip was just okay - a bit on the dry side and not very cheesy. The onion rings were just okay was as the batter reminded me of the chicken nuggets at McDonald's, maybe even worse. The BBQ burger (turkey patty) was dry and tasteless as was the bacon. Really? It must take true to cook bacon tasteless. There are a few things that the menu has going for itself - a few very unique and desserts and drinks that I have yet to see elsewhere. I am of the giant pile of cotton candy and, though I'm not much of a beer drinker, the beer tower looks badass.For me, I came and will continue to come for the atmosphere, but I will definitely be staying away from the grub. Adios, cowboy. [SEP]
2	So I have been to the location in Tucson and now experienced this one and I have to say that I did not have a or YUMMM drooling moment at either. Don't get me it's not it just has no factor at all to me and I will pass next time.There is just Mexican cuisine out there,,,Service was promt though! [SEP]
3	It is a salad bar. [SEP]
5	it, it, it! I have been eating at various Pita Jungles around the Valley since I moved to AZ over 6 years ago and I have yet to have anything that I didn't love. My favorites include the Black Bean Burger, Lentil Fetoosh Salad, all three hummus types, dolmas, and gazpacho, but everything is delicious, so you really can't go wrong! The Tempe location also has breakfast, which is amazing! Each location is small, so luch and dinner may require a short wait, but its it. The prices are and the portions are huge! Don't be to a dish with a one. [SEP]
3	Check-in was and quick and price was for what it was. A big upgrade over a discount property and close to the airport. It does resemble a different kind of hotel in that everything was outside, but the room was and generally quiet. The morning breakfast was and the only real minus was the shuttle's delay; some of the hotels came twice in the time it took this one to show up once. But save for that...a more than adaquate experience for an overnight stay. [SEP]
2	What can I say... I am a shopper! I'm not cheap, but I get more satisfaction out of getting a than I do spending a ton of money for a name brand item at Nordstrom or Sax Fifth. That being said, sure you can find a pair of shoes you'll here, but the selection is simply OK, and its usually full retail price. Most of the time they have a two-for-one deal or get the second pair half price. Still, its never really any kind of deal. [SEP]
5	I know Kerrie through my networking and we from her presence.I have not needed her service's and most of us don't plan on needing an attorney. But I am always reminded by a tagline that Kerrie often mentions. People in need company, Droban & Company. How very true. When that time comes, and in these days, it WILL. You will need company. I would look for Kerrie to help and so should you. [SEP]
4	this place! I wasn't sure about it the first time, seeing that is in a strip mall, but the saying goes don't judge a book by it's cover. I order the CHICKEN W/ GREEN every time and have not been disappointed. EGG ROLLS are wrapped in thin egg roll paper, spicy, & delicious. MANGO CHICKEN & CLAY POT DISHES are also excellent.Independent & yummy. [SEP]
5	We had brunch at El Chorro today and it was wonderful. The patio was with the umbrellas and heaters. The service was outstanding. The food was delicious. I had the creme brulee french toast - it was carb/sugar heaven. Everyone else their food. The eggs benedict came out perfect. The BLT looked awesome. The fries were delicious. We will definitely be back. [SEP]
4	Thai food is one of my types of cuisines. I have been going to Thai Rama for over 5 years now, and they are always consistent! this place is a little, hole in the wall type. (those are usually the best)Whenever I am having a thai fix I usually order the same items. Sometimes different... But not always. OK..1. Thai tea... the in the valley! 2. Pad thai with chicken... level 5 - 5 is usually med spice but to some ppl its very spicy... you can always lower the number to a 1 or 2 and it'll still be just as good.3. Yellow pork or chicken coconut curry with potatoes, onions, carrots, & pineapple.... level 5 again.... my fave4. There's one more beef dish that is absolutely delish! But, I forgot the name. Basically all it is, is thick rice noodles and thinly sliced beef stir fried.. Kind of a chow but better!Oh and I would also to add that they have a very waitstaff and service.If you Thai, check this place out!!! [SEP]
5	I have a place in my heart for this establishmentI've been covering my all white meat rice bowls in their spicy teriyaki sauce for 10+ yearsI've lived all over the worldI always crave three things when I'm not living in Phoenix (or the USA)1. Skim Milk2. Mexican food3. Tokyo ExpressNow pay attentionIf you spicy food and teriyaki sauce, here's what you should orderAn all white spicy chicken teriyaki bowl5 extra sides of spicy sauceA small salad2 extra sides of salad dressingOk, so I REALLY sauce. Really.This place makes me want to I it so much. [SEP]
5	Cork is an enigma.What makes it enigmatic is how it is... Too for Chandler and maybe too for the valley.The portions are just right, and anybody that tells you otherwise is a ass or a glutton (I'm 6'3, 200lbs. and I was satisfied). If you want large portions though, go to their lunch/brunches. I've been there twice and had The Lamb Chop, which was on all levels, and I've had some serious lamb in rural Bosnia, which has been labeled the in their country... sure cork's stood up for blow. The other entrée I experienced was the buttermilk chicken. I was so by the lamb the first time, that I had to try something more simple in order to their food in regards to regular places. Let's just say the chicken was not regular, it was outstanding. The appetizers are good... can anyone say king crab legs?The wine selection is notch. the booze selection is killin, and they even make this Italian stuff that's 90% alcohol. make sure you have a designated driver, because this place will winos and boozers to to their fullest.Go to Cork, because it's that good! [SEP]
5	Went to Yogurt Kingdom for the first time tonight. It was perfect. Lots of flavors to choose from. My is the Tart Vanilla. But I got a large cup and tasted at least 8 different flavors and I each and everyone. I wanted to go back and get some more of the Tart Vanilla but my husband gave me one of those looks when I suggested it. You can either eat inside or outside. The place is decorated so cute. There was a very and mannered girl to greet us and told us how it all just in case we had not been there before. They offered to give us any samples that we might to try. There was a gentleman there who turned out to be the owner. He was very kind, person and that we stopped in. The bathroom was very and the entire place was and maintained. We will be back very soon. I would this place to others that yogurt. You won't be disappointed. [SEP]
4	Went there with the Wife. Lots of stuff for the ladies. I would lay off making any real purchase here on my own, I would of course consult the Mrs. In regards to what she might like. Way to to try and pick something out in here (Louis Vuitton, Gucci, etc.) that is the stuff for the ladies to decide on. place, very staff, warm, and inviting one to buy. [SEP]
5	I find it that someone would reference this place as being terrible, compare it to (overpriced and bland) Pie, and in the same breath say it was the chili relleno you ever tasted. I can't for the chicken tacos but most street tacos are nowhere near packed with meat. By definition they are usually very tiny with onions,some guacamole, a little cabbage, and some small cuts of meat. I can say the tilapia tacos are tops(large filet on each) on the list of my girlfriend's quest for fish tacos. I can say the pork nachos are the I have had as the pork reminds me of Los Dos Molinos in a small way. The empanadas are as well.If you go for hour you can get two empanadas for 6 bucks. You can also get 2 large fish tacos for 6 bucks. Would you some tortilla soup? 4 bucks.If you get the dinner version of the emapanadas with a large portion of some of the rice and a side of black beans I think it sets you back about 11 bucks. I have also had the chili relleno and it is the I have tasted as leaving me to with the single review you have for anything, why the venom?I learned long ago to ask for what is for before you order and if someone recommends a place try what they are harping about first. When I asked they said the chili relleno, pork, empanadas, and red sangrias. Guess how my dining experience went? Try ordering tacos from Los Dos Molinos and you will leave pissed. Order the green chili pork and you will drive 100 miles for it.I do hope you give it another chance I have honestly never had anything sub par here in my 7 or so visits and they seriously could charge way more for quality than they do. I agree that Main Ingredient is also, that's why I took the time to write about it. But to reiterate:11-13 dollar for most dinner items besides new york strip(on the list to try), is not priceyhappy hour has most items for 4-6$street tacos are not bursting with meatask what is the thing on the menu when you order some place then you can write it off all you want.Humble Pie was more and not it, All it does is take up parking from a much place next door. For a place with the reference to pizza in it's name you would think it would be better, it tasted peter piper.I would to know what a chicken taco is in your opinion, I cant think of any besides maybe the California tacos at the now closed Chuy's, but the ones my sister ordered from here were full of chicken and topped with a chipotle/ranch sauce which is similar. [SEP]
3	A coyote off but a place. The ladies were and there was one who could dance her ass off. Dayum!! Seriously though, I was the token black and had a time. Except for the one lady that seem to attach herself to me. to say the least. Overall a place.Be warned, do not attempt to take any pictures in this place. They will hunt you down and stop you. Especially if the ladies are performing on the bar. A big no-no!!! [SEP]
5	Five Guys! [SEP]
4	No more dinner hours! :( [SEP]
4	This place is always one of the first places my husband and I go to, once we are in a city that has one. Having lived in Phoenix for around 10 years, this has always been one of my favorites. Recently they have added new rolls and sushi to their menu, and I must say, job! [SEP]
4	I discovered this hidden while shopping at TJ's and returned for Hour between 4 and 6:30 from T-F. The patio is in the afternoon shade and far off Scottsdale Road to avoid street noise. The seven Tapas (appetizers) attracted my interest and I ended up selecting 1) ebi prawn with grilled fennel, 2) tartine of bouillabaisse and 3) Medjul dates with merguez sausage, sugar cured bacon for the Hour price of 3 for $10 vs the normal 3 for $15. The single prawn was large and equal in quality to the prawns I had just tasted in New Zealand plus the fennel added more flavor. The tartine of bouillabaisse was mostly small shrimp but again very tasty and to order a bowl the next time around. The three Medjul dates with sausage/bacon was an combination to my culinary experience and in flavor. The select wines were about half the normal price and a definite value at $5 per glass. In talking with the waiter I noticed there is live jazz on Fridays between 5 and 8. I will definitely have to return on a Friday to try the other tappas and listen to the Swedish singer who sings some songs in German... see tappas photo...Update 4-25-08 - Hour season ended this week... tappas special no longer but the thin crust pepperoni makes a starter. Entrees are in the $$$ range... [SEP]
5	This is a Mexican food restaurant. I eat here for lunch once a week and have never had a meal. The Asada y Enchilada is my dish. If you are an avocado me, this is the place to go. I always order extra avocado because they have the and ripest avocados I have had anywhere. [SEP]
2	Are there food that is NOT-true ?OK... I got it, food has to be true to the original taste ... which mean it doesn't always taste good, I supposed .... Had the Shrimp spring rolls .... Turkey Bolognese ... could be true to the ingredient but not true to the dish of how it should taste.... Fit very much in the north scottsdale vibe .... 'look at me, I only eat healthy, organic, true and whole food' ... which actually could be a thing ;) [SEP]
1	Hipster,Trendy ????-I think NOT !!!! Very disappointing......weird crowd ( older men on the prowl? ) , and bartenders w/ lots of attitude. I've given this a few tries thinking I just hit it on a night , but won't be going back. So many other places in Scottsdale to visit ! [SEP]
2	Stopped here for lunch with my BFF today.Nowhere to park, forced to valet, meh...Love the atmosphere here: decor, patio. Everything on the menu looked delicious. I had a time choosing between many foods that I love: crab cakes, goat cheese, crepes... I wanted something so I ordered the oriental chicken salad. In the meantime, our drinks were brought to the table. BFF pulled the spoon out of her iced tea to find that there was some leftover peanut butter still on it. The question is: who left it there? Don't know. Gross. This was pointed out to a server (not ours because she had not returned to our table). Our server brought out a new iced tea. She was polite, but not necessarily apologetic. When our meal was delivered to the table, BFF pointed out that there were tomatoes on her sandwich (she asked for no tomatoes). The server said that the other server probably grabbed the plate. She came back from the kitchen twice to tell us that the new sandwich would be out. So, I sat with my salad and waited to eat until BFF got her meal (It took a 5-10 minutes for her new sandwich to come out). BFF raved about the dressing on her side salad. My salad was fine, but nothing to rave about (especially not for $13). The ingredients were but the shredded chicken that was described on the menu appeared to be sliced chicken breast. To be honest, I shredded chicken which is why I had decided on that particular salad. DISAPPOINTING.The server arrived at the table to ask if we wanted to order dessert. We replied, no, you. And she said something like, oh, come on, are you sure?. Again, we declined but I really think she should have offered us dessert after our bummer lunch.The topper? 1 valet guy and 6 people in line to pick up their cars=a 10 minute wait just to leave the place. I would hesitate to come back, but that menu is just so tempting. [SEP]
3	I this location to others in the valley. Except for afternoon rush hour. Dont go there between 3 and 6. Unless youre a senior citizen, then its ok. Youll fit in.I went for dinner and cant complain. its your basic buffet, it seems it has a larger selection than Ryans or JBs and the food quality is way than both of those. The brisket and beef tips were great, the only i had with the place was the wal mart environment (crying kids, way crowded, people acting THAT steak was the last one ever made, etc) and i did make the of going during grandma social hour, but aside from that, ill go back when Im craving 10 different things at once, which happens often :)Dinner buffet for 2 runs a little under 30 bucks with drinks. [SEP]
5	So Jimmy, tell the class what you saw at Sweeties!OK, well, I saw lots of candy. Old-timey candy and candy and candy. Lots of it. Real lots.And I saw people walking around with baskets and talking about candy. And talking about candy when they were little. And talking about what candy they should get for their kids.Oh, and I saw Turkish Taffy, Maple Bun Bars, Fruit Stripe Gum, Moon Pies, Cherry Mash, Mary Janes, Valomilk Candy Bars,Sen Sen Packs, Goo Goo Clusters, Squirrel Nut Zippers, Flipstick Lipstick, Licorice Pipes, Zero Bars, Twin Bings, Look Bars, Abba-Zabba Bars and U-No Bars. And that was only a little of it. And lots of other stuff.Teach?Yes Jimmy?The teacher ever would take her class to Sweeties.Would they?Yes. [SEP]
5	Standard Mexican fare - but quite delicious. Pitcher of margaritas was yummy, too. and service. [SEP]
3	Taco Bell/Pizza Hut combo on Dobson and Southern. Typical taco bell food and service. Lunch is very busy at this location because it is within walking distance of MCC, Pima Medical Institute, Banner Hospital and a gazillion apartment complexes. Parking is easy, but this shopping center is very to get in or out of during rush hour. [SEP]
5	My profile says....My Last Meal On Earth: Chicken and WafflesLo Lo's is the reason why. Everytime I visit Arizona, I make sure I hit this spot up. I usually order the 'Lo Lo's' meal which comes with 3 pieces of chicken, with 3 waffles and a scoop of butter with syrup. YUM! This meal would not be complete without ordering their Tea which is served in a glass jar. There are two locations, one in lower Phoenix, and the other in Scottsdale. The one in lower Phoenix is the original location. However, it's much smaller so wait times could vary. The Scottsdale location is much bigger, so dealing with long wait times should not be as big of a problem.Winner Chicken Dinner, Lunch and Breakfast please. [SEP]
4	breakfast place and much than Panera. Tried the pancake....mmmm very good. Also had the portabella sandwich....too much on tomato but still good. After eating my gf let out a big burp in front of everyone.....well done. They have some breads that you can buy here as well. [SEP]
3	I can understand why everyone this place-- who wouldn't, right? With so many choices of cool, creamy gelato? Well, unless I am just very and visited on a day, this Gelato Spot has gone downhill. My husband ordered a strawberry-kiwi flavored and I chocolate peanut butter. We both agreed: the gelato tasted grainy, with noticable ice crystals. And worse, the flavorings tasted they came from a bottle, not fresh. IMO, this has become more of a place to see-and-be-seen -- not savor gelato! [SEP]
4	*cut to scene* Friday night, lounging around discussing the lameness of the evening, to in a new adventure. six pack of Newcastle sits in fridge and bellys for fulfillment. yelp.com search reveals a local japanese eatery nearby. enter, Hana.first off, pre-game for this BYOB, local, sushi spot. Newcastle in hand, my friend and I strutted in here at around 8pm on a mildly Friday night. the place is jammed, and a couple parties stand around waiting for tables. great, a long wait. nope, two seats open at the bar. sat down, and our beer was immediately taken and put in a fridge to ensure it wouldn't any of it's quality. first beer is poured, and the ensues. and welcoming server devluges us in the specials, and they were out of most of their fish as they have been for three weeks. toro and salmon were our options, so we went with a special for the night, the spider roll, and the vegas roll. also, edamame to start.the food was superb. the edamame came spicy with a side of chili flakes and siracha for our never ending quest to the out of our mouths. a second round of newcastle was brought upon when our first was finished, and the sushi came shortly thereafter, looking little pieces of art. both sets of rolls were enormous and came about 6 to a plate. the vegas roll was packed with cream cheese, avocado, and salmon. the special roll, the spider roll, was full of crispy shell crab and just spicy-ness for a much needed kick in the mouth. one dip in my wasabi/soy sauce concoction was more than enough.our third and final beer was poured by an overly-anxious and over-stimulated, presumably newbie, bus boy. I had about 4 inches of head on my beer and my friend got hers spilled and nearly twice as much head. he waitress we had made up for this guys slips during the meal. the staff wished us a farewell on our way out, and I felt as though I had just left a very close friend's house. I will definitely be back with more six packs and friends to share this little diamond in the with. [SEP]
4	The drinks here are great, and the baked goods are even better. There is a ambience about the place, lots of furniture. I how the baristas make the lattes and cappucino's beautiful. The owner, Jeff, is also a guy who's around quite a bit. The only that I have of it is that the place is small and if you're coming out on the weekends, you need to get there before 8:30 AM otherwise there will be no place to sit. [SEP]
3	In a hurry in the Phoenix airport and saw Blue Burrito Grille. Ordered the Big Blue Burrito with pork. Unlike a previous reviewer, I got a LARGE burrito with plenty of fillings including some very tasty pork. The salsa was also very good. Their website says that the burritos come with chips and there was a huge bin of them on the counter but alas my burrito came sans chips... which I didn't notice until after I was on the airplane. A place for a quick Mexican lunch but make sure you get the chips. [SEP]
5	Treats: We tried the cookies (chocolate chip and chocolate truffle) and would have to give them 5stars. Delicious! Breakfast: Seems they changed the recipe for the turkey maple sausage so it now has an herb flavor and less maple flavor, but tried the flattened meatball and it so might switch to that option. **If you go, be sure to check out the bathrooms. Each one was decorated uniquely by a staff member, and the sinks are shared by both genders. You also get to see how very kitchen the kitchen is as you walk to the bathrooms, so that is a bonus. Overall, a non-chain place for unique and food. [SEP]
5	I first joined 24 hr fitness about a year ago, and I have had nothing but experiences with the staff since the first day that I came in. The people behind the front desk have always been very kind and to my needs. If I ever have a question or concern, it is always answered or dealt with. Some of them have even taken the time to learn my name and greet me as soon as I walk in the door! It is very and makes for a very experience. :)On another note, I have been training with Trace for about 6 months now. My goal was to a little bit of weight and tone up my body, and I could not be with the results! In 6 months I have 12 lbs. and I look and feel amazing! He is about training and nutrition, giving his clients workouts as as meal plans. Trace is the total package!**TIP: Try Trace's boot camp on Wednesday evenings at 7:30. They will kick your butt!! [SEP]
3	I thought I had reviewed this location already? Weird. The one closer to the mall is a total since it is with no parking so it is much to go here instead (even if you are actually shopping at the mall). You all know about the food and you either it or you it but I just this location since there is usually not much of a line, at least in the evenings. [SEP]
3	I have never been here before so I didn't know what to expect. Every time I heard the name Duck & Decanter I would picture a sit-down joint with waiters and pictures of hunting stuff on hunter green walls. This is certainly not the case I realized upon entering. It is just a sandwich place that also sells a bunch of random bric-a-brac. It is all basically picnic stuff I think. I dunno...it was real to get a feel for the place. It was all random to me. But anyway, about the food....I ordered The Duckling sandwich was is one of their signature sandwiches. It seemed a selection because the name of the sandwich and the sandwich itself had duck in it and so does the name of the restaurant. However, the sandwich was just ok. Nothing special. Not 9 bucks. just a few slices of meat in between 2 pieces of bread.All the sandwiches on the menu did however look interesting. They are definitely not your typical sandwich place type sandwiches. some of them are but they all have that special Duck & Decanter twist. The have some deli type sandwich selections as but I would to just go to a deli for those.My wife ordered the chicken salad and it was very very good. I would order it if I ever visit the place again. She ordered the Sonoran with spicy oil & vinegar. It was very tasty and no mayo or any of the stuff.The service was very but I took a long while to get our sandwiches. There must have been a large order ahead of us or something because there weren't many people in the place. I couldn't imagine going here on a weekday during the lunch rush because the line would likely be out the door and would take forever to get your food. Luckily for me I went on a Sunday afternoon. [SEP]
5	Leah, the trainer, at Dog House Training Academy is great. She's friendly, knowledgable, and makes herself via e-mail or phone should you have any questions. Her knowledge on dogs is extensive, and even though you're just paying for the class, she'll offer up advice on any you may be having with your dog. The classes seemed simple to me, but there was a client in my class that just wasn't picking it up at all and disregarding her techniques. I was with how Leah handled the situation and the customer. She's very thorough, and always explains why she does things the way she does, and why it works. So there are no questions, and it's always made sense to me. With the quality of service, and the knowledge that you get to tap into while you're training with Leah, you just can't find a deal out there. Her rates are competitive, and she offers referral discounts too. [SEP]
5	This place is lunch joint. I had the joe special and it reminded me of a home cooked meal back in the day. I ended my meal with a vanilla milkshake which was superb. Oh yeah! if you're in a hurry for a quick sit down lunch, this place is it. our food came out SO fast. I will be returning shortly.You also MUST check out the vintage clothing/ furniture in the room next door before you leave ! [SEP]
5	The staff is great, the food is great, even the cappuccino is (had my first one today).i close by and I have a choice where to eat and it's very often Acacia for breakfast and lunch.A few of my favs are:- Chicken Salad Sandwich- Southwest Ranch Salad- OmeletsEnjoy! (maybe I'll run into you there) [SEP]
4	Yay, even though I living in Coronado I am to be back at the Melrose America's. If you have read any of my reviews you know how I was with Coronado America's service that I boycotted that particular location. Now that I am back around Melrose I can once again Hour Tacos and drinks, or their breakfast burro and cochata. If 7th St let you down try 7th Ave. [SEP]
5	Wow! Went on a Sunday around 11am - busy but not packed. and comfortable. food. Bacon meaty and tasy. I had the french toast on and it was fantastic. atmosphere...just an all around place. We were in from LA for a baseball game and wanted a non-chain local place and found this place on Yelp. we went! [SEP]
2	If Cowboy Ciao is the restaurant in Scottsdale then Cafe Carumba has to be just about the worst. This place is terrible. I went here with my family, and not a single one of us our meal. The handmade chips and salsa were store bought, and each of our entrees were consistently, blah. Nothing new or about any of their dishes, and the food just wasn't all that great. With so many choices in Old Town, why would anyone ever eat here? [SEP]
5	When I lived in Phoenix, I was a regular at Fez. My friends and I probably averaged twice a week, and there were likely weeks when we were there more. The atmosphere is really wonderful, a rarity in Phoenix. The food is very and almost everything on the menu is unique and flavorful. I must agree with some of the other reviews, that the waitstaff is very hit-or-miss. I've had service and service, and there are times when I've had to go and ask the bartender to send someone over to our table to take our order... as regulars, in particular, I wouldn't think that this would be something we would have to deal with. That being said, there was one time when they were understaffed and the manager was very apologetic and even sent us a bunch of appetizers of charge as an apology... so I haven't personally experienced the attitude that others report. I Fez... now I live in San Diego. When I go to visit, it's always on the itinerary, every time, usually as soon as I land. [SEP]
3	I was looking for chile rellenos and this place does a job of making them just the way I it. Flavorful and not dry. Also had the chips and salsa which I did not think were anything special and you have to order them unlike most Mexican places where it is expected at the time they serve the drinks. Flan was unimpressive. I think I will go back for the chile rellenos and head down the street to Carlsbad Tavern for the flan (theirs is my favorite). [SEP]
5	Why did I wait so long to try this neighborhood spot! Having a father who grew up on Los Olivos I remained a customer, that is, until last evening's change in plans lured me to the colorfully lit and patio of Los Sombreros Mexican Cafe & Cantina. I am not an expert on Mexican cuisine nor will I to know what the flavors of San Miguel de Allende taste like; however, I am a foodie so I know food when I eat it. We chose to sit outdoor and the weather while taking in another Cardinal's loss! (Sad, I know, since they were off to a start).... for us it was a Monday night and we had the full attention of our waiter, aka the bartender. Phil (no need to blush if you read this) did a job walking us through their many margarita selections while also conveying his personal favorites that showcased his for whiskey! My friend allowed Phil to make his margarita as he felt a margarita should be made while I allowed Phil to concoct my special margarita while following no sugar, no salt, heavy on the tequila preferences...and that was just to start! crafted margaritas in hand, check. Now what to eat for dinner. My friend ordered his Mole poblano ($18.95) while I couldn't decide between the Smoked chicken enchiladas with salsa verde and chipotle crema (yumm) and the Pollo a la parilla with spinach in a chipotle cream sauce -or- tinga Poblana sauce($18.95). I opted for the Pollo a la parilla with chipotle cream preparation and, once again, my dinner friend had 'order envy'!! That's not to say his Mole was par (or dare I say sub-par) because it wasn't - it actually has received many culinary being named Mole both locally and nationally, but because the chipotle cream sauce combined with spinach, sautéed chicken breasts and a side of corn tortilla is....AMAZZZZZZING!!!! It's also that I note aside from the entree dishes served w two sides (as we ordered), they also offer up tacos (3 at $10.95), various quesadillas (@ $5.95) and other lesser priced eats including guacamole, salads and more! Deciding I'd save room to see if they could my tooth I boxed my remaining dinner as we read through each and every dessert. Undecided, again, and so we our gastronomy guide, Phil, to choose. He selected the Mexican Chocolate Cream Pie to finish off the evening, and we finished off this treat leaving one bite as I always to do!!! you, Phil and Los Sombreros, for the dining experience. The food was outstanding, margaritas made by Phil are the best, and the patio alone is to draw me back for HH or even a late night dessert. you for staying in the neighborhood, Azucena Tovar, and congrats on almost turning 20 years old. [SEP]
5	This is the place for a fabulos breakfast!! I have friends who visit from Texas and they wait all year to eat the Eggs Benedict here. They are the best. I personally the pancakes smothered in bannanas, pecans and syrup...yummmmy. They also serve some very and salds for lunch the strawberry spinach salad and the sandwhiches ar e very good, Their is often a wait for breakfast but it moves and their is a community table which sometimes shortens the wait. [SEP]
5	Highly recommend. This is my second time here and I see #3 on the way.I've had the (bistec encebollado & arroz imperial with shrimp no melted cheese) I do both plates. Next time I will try (ropa vieja)Great service! Ask for Kelly. [SEP]
5	5 stars for the $5 hour specials. the short rib tacos and the fish tacos are and a at 5 for 5 bucks. My drink is the green tea lemonade--it was heavy on the liqour and so refreshing.Service was flawless. We were greeted hello and goodbye by two hostesses, our waiter and waitress offered suggestions and the bar was as well. [SEP]
5	We brought the entire family to Giuseppe's last night for a pre-Thanksgiving meal... yes, that's - my family to carb up for all of the eating we do today! We brought a ton of wine and had a time. Franco was our waiter - and I'm guessing since all the ladies at the table had a on him, that he is the waiter Sheila B wrote about in her review too. eye candy!I absolutely the eggplant rollatini and much order it every visit. We usually start with a Giuseppe's Salad and finish with a dessert to share. My is the white chocolate tartufa.Pasquale (pictured above) is the sweetest man and makes the experience extra special every single time. Since I'm writing this review on Thanksgiving, I want to give thanks to Pasquale and Ristorant Giuseppe for all the times I've had there and all of the times to come! Salud! [SEP]
4	corned beef sandwich I've had anywhere at anytime. Definitely portions of food. The jewish sliders are very especially with the potato pancakes. Too they aren't in California because I can see myself visiting this a lot. [SEP]
3	3.5 stars. We decided to check this place out after all the waves. The space and decor is and cute, and girly! We arrived at 10:30 for a Sunday brunch, and there were of empty seats for us to choose. patio, too!I had the French Toast with strawberries and chicken apple sausage (however, the menu says with raspberry, I didn't really care for either one, meh~) The toasts were thick and soft, but weren't that outstanding. I really the chicken apple sausages on the other hand, they were tasty and not the typical kind. Friend had the Spinach and Tomato Omelette with feta cheese. I didn't take a bite, but she really it. It came with a side of potatoes and fruits. Our waitress was nice, but the service was slow... Overall we had a little trip. It's definitely a spot for a girls' day out! [SEP]
1	Went last night to Foods to get basics to make pizza with, most clutch to the process was a three pack of yeast. Low and behold, the hippie kids they have working there again didn't put something in the bag.And this time it was the yeast.I the food there, but the employees are nothing more than entitled hippie kids from Scottsdale who can't be to do their goddamn jobs! I am so of this with this corporation. Maybe its a Phoenix thing, or maybe its the hiring and firing processes of Foods, but I am done shopping at any Foods. In a place Phoenix, where you have alternatives such as Sprouts, you'd think Foods would smarten up.Or when you try to ask someone who here where something is, and they just walk by with their nose high in the air. I understand its to show your fellow merchants that you're a star, but I don't with you, I contribute to your salary and over set of for a grocery clerk, so do your goddamn job. little girl in need of a shower and orthodontist. But alas, Foods and its hippie employees have yet another person with a job and a degree into everything that place stands for.Oh yea, one other thing, take the concealed firearm prohibition off of your stores. It didn't stop Jared Loughner from doing something horrid, and all it does is law abiding citizens from their Constitutional rights. I understand you think that only parts of the Constitution should apply, but honestly I think you need to pull your collective heads out of your ass and take a shower.Useless motherf*&#$@s! [SEP]
4	food! Little but delicious. the power pancakes! [SEP]
4	I came here in December and look forward to my next trip so I can get some more of the Tuna Noodle casserole! It was so basic sounding on the menu, but when away from home its food. So I got it and it was way than what I make. Now I need to have it again so I can figure out how it was done! I can't describe it, but man it was ridiculous!My husband had the Big Unit. He shared it with 3 others, but he could've easily eaten the entire dog. It was long and skinny. The toppings aren't heavy either. The Catcher mitt dessert wasn't to for.Parking is a in that area, especially since the meters only took coins. [SEP]
1	The food is delicious. The service: discriminatory. The bartender, blonde gentlemen, went around to everyone else, then finally acknowledge us. This is embarrassing, I don't know what else to say. [SEP]
4	For our first time we had a time! Our server was very knowledgable about the menu especially the drink menu. Culinary has to have some off the most drinks I've seen in a while. Everyone mentioned the pretzels on Yelp and they were right! The cheese sauce was velvety and and the pretzel bites had the texture. My girlfriend and I both couldn't finish our sandwiches because they are big. I will definitely be going back to try the charcuterie menu. [SEP]
5	food and service! Country food at its best! [SEP]
5	Yes I do rock the hipster joints. I dig this place. A little bit of a scene, but the food is and the service is great. not it. All in all a spot. I tend to switch up my favorites but I typically hit this up for breakfast when in the 602. [SEP]
5	Only 4 stars? (A few notes: The folks that rated this place low must have been incidences and I feel weigh far to heavy on service rather than product. Dining at a restaurant, rate the service a lil' harder, but a coffee shop, hold your tongue.)Anyway, this place rocks. We aren't close, but we pass up several coffee shops en route to Lola because the quality is drawer.The beans, trade, and the roast is perfect. The price of a bag of beans is amazing. Doing by the farmers and then respecting the product with such a roast. This is what is all about!I have yet to find a americano. A splash of cream and a splenda only augments the flavor of the espresso and the really shines. I've been to most of the independent coffee shops throughout the area, and if I do find myself elsewhere, I can only compare them to Lola, and Lola out each time. [SEP]
5	I'm not normally one to jump at reviewing a chain restaurant, especially when there are 3 subways all within a couple blocks of each other. I felt it was necessary in this case. My husband and I came here over the weekend after a trip to the dog park. The two guys working here on the afternoon were awesome. They were really and friendly, and quite chatty. One of them started my husband and the other one was while I was deciding. The boy apparently noticed I was and he quickly ran to the back, washed his hands, threw on gloves and asked me what I wanted. WOW! This type of service has never happened at the other locations, all of which I have been too. He chatted with me as I told him what I wanted. He also joked about my sandwich and made me laugh. It's to see a couple guys working on a day and actually themselves. They also have outdoor seating which are to sit at and people watch on days. We even met this 90 year old guy who is and in both ears but somehow managed to communicate with us perfectly. He was much more than most twenty-somethings you meet. Amazing. Only in downtown do you meet people that. This is a Subway. Go here and skip the others. [SEP]
4	Judging by some of the reviews, maybe I went on days because I've my trips. food and service. The last time I went, I sat at the bar for lunch on a Sunday, ordered an All~Star Burger with BBQ sauce and some sports. The bartender was and the food came quick, which was because I was hungry (I inhaled the burger).I'll be returning on a regular basis once football starts back up. [SEP]
5	Let's see...what is there NOT to about Surprise Stadium? Well, $9.50 tall cans of PBR is about all I could come up with and that's not a surprise (pun intended) considering you're attending a sporting event...even spring training. But as someone who does not living in Arizona, and as someone who doesn't go to MLB baseball games in Southern California due to the fact it costs so much, people bitching about the service or any other little when it comes to seeing a game here. Look, you're to have almost an entire month of low cost MLB baseball in your back yard. If I could, I'd live down here during March just to take in the baseball action that crisscrosses the Phoenix metro area each year. I attended my first spring training game on March 12th, 2012 at Surprise Stadium as the Royals took on the San Francisco Giants (my team). Our seats (Sec. 112, Row J, Seats 13-14-15) were 25 bucks each (around 30 bucks including service fees). I mean, we were maybe 5 or 6 rows back from the Giants dugout (check out some of my pictures). The stadium (funny calling it that since it only holds just over 10,000 people) is big so you feel you're at an MLB game but small to feel close and with the players. The stadium is maintained and kept clean. Arriving to the park, I was surprised (pun unintended) to see that parking was free, an when going to an event this. The stadium staff, as mentioned by other reviews, are mainly made up of senior citizens who were and helpful. I didn't have to wait long at the stands, even if lines were a bit long. The outfield is lined with a lawn area, for people to sit back and have a picnic while taking in a game (Tickets are around 9 bucks each after service fees!!!). I this place and hope to return next year when visiting family. Oh, Giants 2-1! Go Giants!!! [SEP]
3	First visit...Had lunch here today - used my Groupon. We ordered the Bruschetta, Pretzels and Steak & Cheese Calzone.-We both thought there was WAY too much Balsamic used. Also, we expected mozzarella cheese - not Feta.-We tried the butter and salt pretzel & cinnamon sugar with honey pretzel. They were okay. They should have kept the honey on the side they did for the mustard.-The calzone was good. We the dough and it was filled/stuffed.Overall, we thought it was average as far as the food is - and a little for quality and portions.We have another Groupon to use so maybe we'll try a pizza for the next one. [SEP]
4	Should be called house of deliciousness!I could go on and on about this item, that item, but I dont really waznt to. This is food, done creatively, and in my mind presented in a casual yet manner without any pretensiousness. The chef here creates dishes that seem to meld asian and southwestern flavors seemlessly. Ok so now I realize this are not all real words but after eating here and developing a state of mind who really cares anyhow?The lowdown is the food is and priced for what you get. Our service was and on of everything we truly had an time on a rainy Saturday evening. Next time hopefully we can the outdoor bar and patio seating.I cant wait to go back and eat our way through the new menu.The custom cocktails were and the wine list is spot on. [SEP]
4	I recently visited Olive and Ivy for business last week, and after 3 visits, I am convinced that Fox Restaurants has some of the establishments in the valley. Olive and Ivy is the Fox Restaurant of choice for food, drinks, and most of all, service. I spend a lot of time in various restaurants across the valley and am always at how service can be at some of the more valley restaurants. Not Olive and Ivy. From the first phone call for reservations, to the greeting upon walking in the door to the and reception you receive from every server you cross, this restaurant knows how to make you feel special.Many of the reviews here will focus on the food and I could spend hours talking about my experiences but I will sum it up in a couple of my favorites. I dates and prunes, but the bacon wrapped dates are good!The shrimp and risotto main course is one of the dishes I have tasted since arriving in Phoenix 3 years ago. And hands down, their short rib entree is in the valley.The only catch is the cost. Olive and Ivy is not and definitely not for brothers looking to execute the date. With wine, apps, and main course, you will the century mark, and if you are really being generous, $200 is obtainable. But, it's every dollar and who knows, you may even get breakfast out of the deal! [SEP]
2	My nephew just moved to Scottsdale recently so me and a bunch of friends brought him here to show him a local bar that he and the girlfriend could come shoot pool, watch football, play volleyball etc...well....we weren't there 5minutes and 2 kids were running around the pool tables, up our games and screaming. I couldn't believe the staff was allowing this to happen. They were hitting the pool sticks on everything and crying when their mom attempted (in vain) to them. You'd think the mom would leave at this point with her kids....um...no....the staff did seem as but said nothing. Then....it happened...she said you guys behave or mommy will be fired!! shit....she there!! Even worse! on that owner for allowing this to happen. And that employee needs to recognize this...YOU AT A BAR.....not a daycare....A BAR!!! [SEP]
5	4-5 locations.. all 4.5 star average.. I think Arizona really has some Pizza options, and Spinatos is at the of my pizza fix list.. the semi sauce is addictive, service, ingredients, The Spicy Italian is my favorite... The chocolate chips cookies are laced with mind altering drugs, that make your body partsromantic when you think of their cookies.. BTW 5:30pm, on a Tuesday, when we left, a 30 minute wait.. Its on the List.. [SEP]
